---
title: "Why do I get ads on Xbox Music on Windows 8.1?"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2014-02-15T12:06:24
updateDate: 2014-02-15T12:06:24
tags: [ 'Microsoft', 'Music', 'Zune' ]
excerpt: "Discover why this former Microsoft fanboy switched to Android and left behind Xbox Music on Windows 8.1. Find out his music streaming preferences now!"
url: /2014/why-do-i-get-ads-on-xbox-music-on-windows-81  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>I used to be a Microsoft fanboy, really, used to be. I had Windows Phone back when it was SmartPhone or Windows Mobile, or whatever they wanted to call it (too long ago to remember, and it was always changing). I purchased a 30gb Zune the day they came out (<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2JOs_OtWoY" target="_blank">unboxing video</a>), I purchased a 4gb zune after those devices came out. I had a Zune Pass for too many years to count.</p> <p>But I got sick of Microsoft’s lack of functionality in the mobile space and I left, I switched to Android when the Motorola Droid came out in November 2009, and haven’t looked back. Up until recently I actually still had my Zune pass, why I don’t know, but I did. I kept paying Microsoft monthly for it. Last fall I spent a few months trying to cancel it, for some reason I couldn’t do it online, and the customer service reps took forever to actually get it completed as well.</p> <p>Since January 2010 I’ve been a paying user of Pandora, and a happy one at that, I have 12 stations or so, but only 3-4 that I regularly listen to. When Google’s Music Subscription started, I signed up for that. So now I shift between Pandora and Google Music. This morning I decided it was kind of silly that I don’t listen to any of the music I own, so I fired up the Music app on my Windows 8.1 desktop. I got in, and picked out some music I haven’t listened to in a long time. </p> <p>1 song in it quit playing, I switch back to the APP and see it is playing a playlist that had bunch of music on it that I had added when I had the Zune pass, so it was playing music I didn’t have rights to. Easy fix, I switched to play my music locally, that is on my file server here in the basement. </p> <p>Three songs in to the (HED) PE album Broke and I get an Xbox Music Pass advertisement. Say what? A music advertisement playing when I am playing local music? After doing a little digging it appears my Xbox Music app wasn’t pointing to the file server, so it was playing music from the “cloud”. After digging around for 5 minutes I believe I’ve turned off the “cloud” access, and setup my file server again.</p> <p>Time to switch to another artist/album, Pearl Jam, always a good choice. This time I make sure to choose “collection” and what do you know, a song or two in, I get another Xbox Music advertisement playing.</p> <p>So long Xbox Music on Windows 8.1. I will never turn you back on. I’m off to Google Play Music for the rest of the day, or maybe I’ll fire up Pandora.</p> <p>Dear Microsoft, please bring back the Zune Software and Marketplace</p>

