---
title: "I will miss her"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2008-09-30T23:55:51
updateDate: 2024-03-11T15:11:32
tags: [ '240Z', 'Autocross', 'Cars', 'Corvette', 'Corvette Z06', 'Corvettez06', 'CorvetteZ06org', 'Datsun', 'Project 240Z', 'Project240z', 'Project240Zcom' ]
excerpt: "Saying goodbye to the beloved Corvette as the owner prepares for a move to Colorado, making way for more practical expenses like buying a house."
url: /2008/i-will-miss-her  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>So the final days are now ticking down. I have&#160;two, maybe three days of driving the Corvette left before we leave for Amsterdam. Natalie will be flying back from Amsterdam and meeting John (the new owner) at the airport next Friday so he can take posession of the car.</p> <p>I was getting the mail tonight and saw the car sitting half in the garage and half out, where I had parked it, in the light, it looked beautiful. It really is an amazing car, I will miss it, I already do.</p> <p>You might ask, why are you selling the Z06? One main reason. Natalie and I plan to move to Colorado (even though we are rumored in the horse world to&#160;be moving to Germany)&#160;next summer, and while I love the car, the car payment and insurance could be used for more grown up things than racing, like buying our first house, and planning for the move. I don't imagine I will go long without a fun race car though.</p> <p>So what will come next? That is undecided at this point. I will most likely buy a $2-3k ride/beater for the winter so I don't have to drive the long ass F350 all winter, and hopefully spend some time working on the 240Z to get it up and running soon. I need something fun to drive, that is for sure, but even if the 240 runs, it would take a lot of work and money to make it anywhere near as fun as the Corvette.</p> <p>I don't know what I will race next year, perhaps I'll try to find a nicely prep'd codrive, perhaps I'll take it easy for the year. This year in the Corvette has been fun. I think I've put something in the range of 150 autocross runs on the car not including test and tune runs, on a whole the car has seen well over 300, maybe near 400 runs this year.</p> <p>Hopefully John and Clyde can put that many runs on her next year.</p>

