---
title: "Koni Shock Install on the Corvette"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2008-06-07T01:08:00
updateDate: 2014-01-05T11:52:34
tags: [ 'Cars', 'Corvette', 'Corvette Z06', 'Corvettez06', 'CorvetteZ06org' ]
excerpt: "Discover how this car enthusiast tackled rattling issues post-installation of new shocks on his Corvette, sharing tips on adjustment and troubleshooting."
url: /2008/koni-shock-install-on-the-corvette  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>So after heading out to Natalie's horse show today I swung by the car dealer to say hello to Trigger, the guy who sold me the Corvette. After that I came home and worked on the Corvette for 4 hours.</p> <p>The first thing I did was remove both rear shocks. I spent quite a bit of time trying to get them both to adjust, the adjusters were stuck, as they were when I originally got them. I made sure they were both set to full soft then I put them back on the car. I made sure to tighten everything down.</p> <p>The goal for this evening was to track down some really annoying rattles that I've had in the car ever since we initially installed the Konis. I took the car out for a test drive and immediately noticed the rattles were still there, so I shifted my attention to the front of the car. I had recieved the new front Konis the Thursday before leaving for the Atlanta Doublecross back in May, but had not installed them on the car for fear of changing the car before/during the event. So today I took off the stock Z06 front shocks and installed the new Konis. I made sure to figure out which direction on the shocks was to make them stiff and which made them soft. I also made sure they would adjust.</p> <p>I'm not sure why, but all of these shocks I've received from Koni for this Corvette Z06 have had adjusters that were near impossible to get moving. The fronts now adjust, much better than the first set which broke when trying to adjust them, causing the need for a new pair, though it did take some effort to get them adjusting, during which time I feared I would break them. I also noticed one of the shocks was leaking oil, of course I didn't notice this until I had installed them on the car and saw the inside of one of the boxes. Yet another thing making me reconsider getting these Konis. If I have troubles with them over the next month or two I will throw them on Ebay and look for a better shock solution for the Corvette.</p> <p>Fortunately I didn't, I did also figure out a faster way to get the shocks installed on the front, I ended up disconnecting the upper control arm from the front of the car, this made install WAY easier than before, though I probably need to get an alignment done to double check that I didn't screw anything up.</p> <p>So after getting the fronts installed I took off for another test drive. Unfortunately I didn't seem to have any effect on the knocking and squeaking in the car. So my only hope now is that it is coming from the front sway bar. In the morning I'll disconnect the mounts and relube everything. Hopefully that will correct the noises in the car.</p>

