---
title: "The best DNN blogs can be found at DotNetNukeBlogs.com, launch announcement!"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2008-07-08T00:58:43
updateDate: 2024-05-15T05:39:40
tags: [ 'DNN', 'DotNetNuke' ]
excerpt: "For the past few months I&#39;ve been working on a project in my free time (what free time) that I am proud to say has finally been launched!  Check it out at DotNetNukeBlogs.com. The goal of the site is to provide a single source providing links to the best DNN blog posts across the web.  "
url: /2008/the-best-dnn-blogs-can-be-found-at-dotnetnukeblogscom-launch-announcement  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>For the past few months I&#39;ve been working on a project in my free time (what free time) that I am proud to say has finally been launched!</p>  <p>Check it out at DotNetNukeBlogs.com. The goal of the site is to provide a single source providing links to the best DNN blog posts across the web.</p>  <p><strong>Here are a few key features about the site</strong></p>  <p>1. The site only aggregates the Title and Descriptions for blog posts, links will take you directly to the blog post on the originating site, unlike other aggregation sites DotNetNukeBlogs.com consumes only the descriptions provided in the RSS feed and does not to link to them on a middleman page on the same.</p>  <p>2. We aren&#39;t adding feeds ourselves, feed authors must add their own feeds to the site via the Feeds page, you must be registered and logged in to do so. Once you add a feed we will go through and verify that a feed contains DNN related posts before it will be consumed.</p>  <p>3. All of the blog posts from the approved feeds are aggregated in the site are screened for DNN topics first, we will do our best to keep non-DNN posts from the aggregate feed.</p>  <p>4. We&#39;ve got a few things on the Cool Stuff page, such as a free DNN module that displays the latest posts from the site, as well as images you can put on your own site to link to DotNetNukeBlogs</p>  <p>5. We&#39;ve currently got 4 of the most active bloggers in theDotNetNuke community aggregated in the site, you can get your own blog included in there with them!</p>  <p>Right now we are only supporting the consumption of RSS formatted feeds, not ATOM or other formats at this time.</p>  <p>I would love to hear any comments relating to the site. A big thanks to Cuong Dang from Engage Software for the graphics/html work site!</p> 
