---
title: "What is missing in DNN 9? Lots, take a look and see what you&rsquo;re missing!"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2017-01-05T18:32:27
updateDate: 2018-06-06T03:58:04
tags: [ 'DNN', 'DNN9', 'DNNCMS', 'DotNetNuke' ]
excerpt: "Discover the hidden features in DNN9 with this informative blog post. Navigate to /Admin or /Host pages to unleash the full potential of the platform."
url: /2017/what-is-missing-in-dnn-9-lots-take-a-look-and-see-what-yoursquore-missing  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>DNN9 appears to be an evolutionary leap forward for the DotNetNuke CMS, but while there are many advances, there are some big misses of features that somehow got left behind, or at least hidden away so that finding them for someone who isn't a DNN expert (such as myself, if I do say so) is impossible, unless of course you read this blog, then you'll be on your way to utilizing DNN9 in ways that the average Joe could only hope to.</p>  <p>Overall the trick is to navigate to either the /Admin or /Host pages, from there you can find most of the older DNN interfaces for doing things on the platform.</p>  <p><strong>This blog applies to sites that have been upgraded from previous versions of DNN</strong>. If you did a fresh installation of DNN9, without an upgrade, you likely will really hate life because the ADMIN/HOST pages content far less useful functionality on a fresh installation.</p>  <h2>Things that you can't find (but might still be there, if you upgraded from an older version of DNN)</h2>  <ul>  <li><strong>Filtering Users by Email (the Persona Bar user search doesn't appear to look at email address)</strong>. To access the user management navigate to /admin and then choose the User Accounts option, good luck if you aren't on an upgrade though.</li>  <li><strong>The &ldquo;Recycle App&rdquo; and Clear Cache options in the Control Panel.</strong> Sometimes there are simply things that you need to do in the database, such as delete a module that is supposedly on a page, but DNN won't render, and it is constantly logging errors (looking at your &ldquo;Messaging&rdquo; 5.6.3 module). You can access these by navigating to the bottom of the /host/hostsettings page. <u>You can also access these now from the Persona Bar under Settings/Servers, towards the top of that screen.</u></li>  <li><strong>Upload Files into Subfolders via the Rich Text Editor.</strong> The upload controls within DNN 9, in the Rich Text editor don't appear to allow for choosing a location where the files go, and they always seem to go into the root of the portal, not ideal. You can however choose the &ldquo;Browse&rdquo; server control, and then from there, choose a directory and upload a file.</li>  <li><strong>Managing Skins/Themes</strong> In the early days of DotNetNuke, Skins and Modules were installed and managed separately, there was not a notion of &ldquo;extensions&rdquo; though they were both extensible tools. Sometime around DNN 4 I believe they were both treated as &ldquo;extensions&rdquo; where you could go one place to install, uninstall and manage. That's how Skins and Modules have lived in DNN for the last 8 or 9 years. Until DNN 9. If you want to Install a Skin/Theme, you have to go to the Settings/Extensions page in the Persona Bar, the same place you would install a Module. If you want to UNINSTALL a Skin/Theme though? Good luck, it doesn't appear that you can uninstall a Skin/Theme anywhere in DNN9. If you upgraded you can still access the Host/Extensions page, but if you didn't upgrade, sorry, you're SOL.</li>  <li><strong>Translating to other Languages.</strong> <a href="https://www.dnnsoftware.com/forums/forumid/108/postid/535266/scope/posts#535266" target="_blank">The interface for translating languages in DNN9</a> is much more difficult to use than prior versions. If you&#39;ve upgraded try going to the /Admin screen and going through the old interface.</li>  <li><strong>Google Analytics Configuration.</strong> In earlier versions of DNN you could configure your Google Analytics account. To get this working you may need to add the Google Analytics module to a new &quot;hidden&quot; page somewhere.</li>  <li><strong>Disabling the DNN Copyright in the HTML Source</strong> - Looks like the ability to disable the DNN Copyright in the HTML Source of your pages was removed in DNN 9, inadvertantly. You can still remove it with a quick SQL script &quot;Update HostSettings set settingvalue =&#39;N&#39; where settingname = &#39;Copyright&#39;&quot; from the SQL console.</li>  <li><strong>Site Templates</strong> - You can no longer create site templates using the Export functionality, and you can no longer use those created templates to create NEW sites.&nbsp;</li>  <li><strong>Allow Syndicate</strong> - If your module supports SearchItems, you used to be able to syndicate (RSS) feeds from that module, but with the deprecation of Search Items in DNN 9.1 this no longer works. You can still &quot;syndicate&quot; but you get no results :(&nbsp;</li> </ul>  <p>&nbsp;</p>  <h2>&nbsp;</h2>  <p>This will be an ever-growing blog post, so feel free to comment with things that you have found are no longer available that I haven't discovered yet!</p> 


