---
title: "Automotive ADHD, I suffer"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2010-12-12T22:18:17
updateDate: 2024-03-11T16:53:24
tags: [ '240Z', '350Z', 'A6', 'aadhd', 'Audi', 'Audi A6', 'auto', 'Cars', 'Corvette', 'Corvette Z06', 'Corvettez06', 'CorvetteZ06org', 'Datsun', 'Nissan', 'Project 240Z', 'Project 350Z', 'Project240z', 'Project240Zcom', 'Project350z', 'Project350zcom', 'Quattro' ]
excerpt: "Looking to downsize your vehicle? Follow our journey as we search for the perfect cars to fit our California lifestyle, battling Automotive ADHD along the way."
url: /2010/automotive-adhd-i-suffer  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>For those of you who have known me for a while this won't come as a surprise. I suffer from Automotive ADHD (attention deficit hyperactive disorder),&nbsp; and it is just getting worse!</p>  <p>oyNatalie and I are in car shopping mode, we're looking to downsize from our 2008 F250 FX4, while we love the truck, it is just far too big for our lives in California. We recently sold our horse trailer that we had been trying to sell for a while now. Now that the trailer is gone, we are ready to part with the truck.</p>  <p>So we're looking at what to get. Natalie would like a 4 door wagon, with room for a stroller (or the dogs) in the back, the baby in the back seat, and us up front. We're thinking that we would like to find a used BMW 5 series to fill that role, though figuring out what year/mileage is something we haven't decided yet.</p>  <p>One thought we are having is that perhaps it might be a good idea to trade the Z in on a 4 door car for myself as well. I test drove a 2011 Mitsubishi Evolution today, oh boy, daddy like!</p>  <p>I wouldn't buy a new Evo, they are far too costly, but I would considering getting a used one and then perhaps an&nbsp; older (2000-2003) 5-series for Natalie. I went to check out a couple of used 2008 Evo's at a dealer down in San Jose today but immediately noticed that they were both modified, which totally turns me off. I don't want to get into a modified car again, I'd rather buy something that is completely stock and if I want to modifiy it do it myself.</p>  <p>So we'll see where this bout with my latest batch of AADHD takes us.</p>  <p>Don't believe me that I have a problem? Here's a list of the cars I and Natalie have owned over the past 5 years.</p>  <p>2003 Nissan 350z<br /> 2004 Ford F350<br /> 1988 Thunderbird Turbo Coupe<br /> 1973 Datsun 240z<br /> 1978 Datsun 280z 2+2<br /> 2005 Chevy Tahoe<br /> 2004 Chevy Corvette Z06<br /> 2005 GMC Yukon<br /> 2008 Ford F250<br /> 1995 Audi A6<br /> 2004 Nissan 350z</p> 

