---
title: "Reaching out to your Nissan Dealer in Regards to a Leaf"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2010-06-10T11:21:01
updateDate: 2013-01-29T10:04:48
tags: [ '240Z', '350Z', 'Cars', 'Datsun', 'Electric', 'Electric Car', 'Leaf', 'Nissan', 'Nissan Leaf', 'Project 240Z', 'Project 350Z', 'Project240z', 'Project240Zcom', 'Project350z', 'Project350zcom' ]
excerpt: "Looking to buy a Nissan Leaf at or below MSRP? Read about one owner's experience at a local dealer on LeafOwner.com and their quest for a fair deal."
url: /2010/reaching-out-to-your-nissan-dealer-in-regards-to-a-leaf  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>So there has been some discussion here on LeafOwner.com about the potential that dealers will try to price gouge when the Leaf comes out. I recently went to visit a local Nissan Dealer, Boardwalk Nissan in Redwood City and will admit I didn't have the best of experiences, they didn't have ANY info on the Leaf at the time, I am hoping that has changed, so I just reached out to a sales guy who contacted me due to the previous sales guy I was dealing with having left.</p> <p> So here's what I emailed the guy, I'll post back to this thread later when I hear back, assuming I hear back. </p> <blockquote> <p>NAME REMOVED,</p> <p>Thanks for the phone call last night. I do have a few questions that I could use your assistance.</p> <p>I have money down on a Leaf (I paid $99 back on 4/20), I realize they aren't going to be available until December, but was wondering if you had any more info about them?</p> <p>Here's what I currently know. By the end of this month Nissan will be contacting me to give me more info. Sometime this summer they will send out an electrician to the house to see if installing a charger is possible or not, and to give an estimate of what that cost will be. This fall they are going to be doing some driving promotions where you can test drive a Leaf. This fall those who are interested will work with a dealer to purchase the car. Then sometime starting in December a lucky few who preordered the Leaf will get them delivered, I am hoping because we are in the bay area that I have a good shot at getting one of the first, also because I preregistered very early on.</p> <p>I am looking for a dealer who is going to sell me a Leaf at or below MSRP, I am not willing to pay a markup cost for this car, and I will find a dealer that will sell me one at a good price, even if I have to tow the car home to do it. I would hope that Boardwalk Nissan can do this, but I have never purchased a car from you guys so I don't know what to expect yet.</p> <p>I'm a Nissan kind of guy, I have a 350z currently (my second one) and I've owned a 240z and 280z as well. My wife and I were in at Boardwalk looking at Jettas, that was for her as a replacement for the F-250 she drives right now (for that horse trailer we talked about). The Leaf would be my commuter car if I get one.</p> <p>Thanks for your help,</p> <p>Chris</p> </blockquote> <p>Have you reached out to a dealer? Had any luck? </p>


