---
title: "San Francisco DotNetNuke! Our first meeting"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2010-03-11T14:20:49
updateDate: 2010-03-11T14:20:49
tags: []
excerpt: "Join us at the DotNetNuke User's Group meeting in San Mateo, CA on 3/23/2010. RSVP by 6pm on 3/22 to enjoy pizza, sodas, and networking! #DotNet"
url: /2010/san-francisco-dotnetnuke-our-first-meeting  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>If you are anywhere in the San Francisco Bay or Silicon Valley area this post is for you. Others are welcome, but you might find the drive a little long depending on where you are.</p>  <p>On 3/23/2010 we are going to be holding our first DotNetNuke User’s Group here in the DotNetNuke Corporation’s Headquarters in San Mateo, CA. All are invited and encouraged to attend, it doesn’t matter if you know DotNetNuke or not yet, user groups are a great way to learn about the software, and get to meet other people using the platform for a variety of different things.</p>  <p><a href="https://www.baydug.org/Events/ctl/Details/Mid/488/ItemID/8.aspx">You can get more information from our website</a>, but here is some of the basic info:</p>  <p><strong>Date/time:</strong> 3/23/2010 6pm</p>  <p><strong>Location:</strong> <a href="https://bit.ly/dnnoffice">DotNetNuke HQ (Grant St)</a></p>  <p>Come out and meet fellow DotNetNuke User's from the San Francisco Bay Area held at DotNetNuke Corporation's HQ! This will likely be the one and only DNN user group meeting held in this office as we'll be moving in the near future, but we hope to have more group meetings at the new office as well (just down the street). </p>  <p><strong>Topic:</strong> What are you doing with DotNetNuke?</p>  <p><strong></strong></p>  <p><strong>Description:</strong> Come out and tell everyone else in the Bay Area what you are doing with DotNetNuke. Got something cool to share, please feel free to do so. If you're the quite type, don't fear, we won't make everyone talk, just those interested. You'll also get to meet some of the DotNetNuke Corp employees here in the area.</p>  <p><strong></strong></p>  <p><strong>Organizer:</strong> Chris Hammond, Director of Training Programs, DotNetNuke Corporation. (recently relocated to the bay area)</p>  <p><strong></strong></p>  <p><strong>Food:</strong> Pizza and Sodas provided by DNN Corp!</p>  <p><strong></strong></p>  <p><strong>RSVP:</strong> So we can plan on the proper amount of food please RSVP prior to 6pm on Monday the 22nd. Send an email to <a href="mailto:info@baydug.org">info@baydug.org</a> to let us know</p>  <p>&#160;</p>  <p>Not in the Northern California area? Then be sure to check out the <a href="https://www.dotnetnuke.com/Community/UserGroups/tabid/1074/Default.aspx" target="_blank">DotNetNuke User Groups</a> page to locate a group close to you.</p>

