---
title: "SiriusXM on the Android Phone"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2010-06-24T01:53:34
updateDate: 2024-03-11T16:53:57
tags: [ '350Z', 'Cars', 'Project 350Z', 'Project350z', 'Project350zcom', 'Radio', 'Satellite', 'Sirius', 'SiriusXM', 'XM' ]
excerpt: "Discover why the author won't be using SiriusXM on Android anytime soon despite being a long-time subscriber. Read more before visiting the SiriusXM website."
url: /2010/siriusxm-on-the-android-phone  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>So I was kind of stoked, Sirius XM finally has an Android Application. I thought cool, now I can listen to Sirius in my 350z which doesn't have satellite radio at the moment, while our F250 does. So I went to the Android Marketplace, and guess what? It is nowhere to be found, nowhere.</p>  <p>So then I thought, okay, I'll look it up online, found it, and if you want it you can simply go to <a href="https://www.siriusxm.com/android">https://www.siriusxm.com/android</a> but before you visit that URL check out the rest of this blog post and read why I won't be using SiriusXM on the Android, at least not anytime soon.</p>  <p>So I'm a Sirius subscriber, I have been since October when we got the F250, and prior to that I was an XM radio subscriber, since 2003 or possibly earlier. Well, I went to download the Droid app today, and see that you can get a 7 day free trial, I thought, okay, that's cool, they are trying to get new subscribers, a valid endeavor.</p>  <p>But then I started to realize, after digging into SiriusXm.com (and spending 30 minutes trying to get into my account) that my subscription that I have, doesn't include internet service! Crap, so I went to add it, $3/month! What? I'm already paying $15/month for a car that we barely drive here in California and barely touch the service, and now I have to pay another $3 a month? I'm already paying $15 a month to Zune for the Zune Pass (well worth the investment in my personal opinion).</p>  <p>I'm also paying $40/year to Pandora for access to their streaming application for my Droid, and I gotta say, that rocks as well! I drove across the country a couple times this spring using the Pandora app as my source of media in the 350Z and the F250 and it was awesome!</p>  <p>So, Sirius, I highly doubt you will see an additional $3/mo from me, a long time subscriber. In fact, when that F250 gets sold or traded in we will likely drop your service all together. I'll get by just fine with my Verizon 3G service and Pandora, and use my Zunes to fill in the gaps where the service goes away, though being off of AT&amp;T has definitely improved our cell phone coverage!</p>  <p>Alright, that's it, this post probably should of gone to TheMadBlogger, but I posted it here on my personal site nonetheless.</p> 

