---
title: "The Adventures of VMWare, Windows 7, Web Platform Installer, SQL Server 2008 Express, IIS 7 and installing DNN, otherwise known as HELL"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2009-01-28T23:57:34
updateDate: 2024-05-29T05:09:36
tags: [ 'DNN', 'Virtual Machine', 'VM', 'VMWare' ]
excerpt: "Struggling to set up DotNetNuke on Windows 7 VM using VMWare? Discover the challenges faced and lessons learned in this detailed installation journey."
url: /2009/the-adventures-of-vmware-windows-7-web-platform-installer-sql-server-2008-express-iis-7-and-installing-dnn-otherwise-known-as-hell  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>So I had this bright idea, I&#39;d setup VMWare on my desktop here at home and start playing with Windows 7, then I thought I would get a DNN website up and running in Windows 7, and record the whole thing with Camtasia. 24 hours later I&#39;ve given up and am ready to go into manual labor! :)</p>  <p>VMWare&#39;s installation went great, Windows 7 installation went great, and was AMAZINGLY fast, under 20 minutes and the OS was installed in a new VM, and I was logged in. It went downhill from there. I downloaded Microsoft&#39;s Web Platform Installer to try and get the necessary prerequisites installed on the machine so that I could run the&nbsp;<a href="http://www.dotnetnuke.com/" target="_blank" title="DotNetNuke">DotNetNuke</a>&nbsp;application. IIS, SQL Express, .Net Framework, etc. This was the start of my troubles. The Web Platform Installer apparently installed IIS, but would choke when trying to install SQL Express, it would tell me it failed due to prerequisites. I think it was failing on the Windows Installer 4.5 requirement, though that was already installed based on my testing, read:attempt to download it from Microsoft.com and install it manually.</p>  <p>So I gave up on using the Platform installer for the remainder of the requirements and decided to install SQL Express manually with a download from Microsoft.com. That went even worse than the WPI. I attempted this 4 times last night, every time the installation process would lock up the Virtual Machine requiring a reset on the VM. I ended up giving up last night. Tonight I decided to try again, miraculously the installation process for SQL Express worked on the first attempt tonight, though I have no idea what was different from last night.</p>  <p>So I was happy at this point, progress was being made. I fired up Camtasia, configured my microphone, the recording window, and started to record the video. Download&nbsp;<a href="http://www.dotnetnuke.com/" target="_blank">DNN</a>, extract files, setup the permissions, setup an application in IIS, and then attempt to load the website. ERRrRrrrrrRrRrrrrr wrong, not gonna work. I got this nice error message</p>  <blockquote> <p>System.Security.SecurityException: Request for the permission of type &#39;System.Web.AspNetHostingPermission, System, Version=2.0.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=b77a5c561934e089&#39; failed.</p> </blockquote>  <p>From searching around on the web this appears to be a common problem with IIS and UNC shares, the problem is this wasn't a UNC share, it was on the C drive. After about an hour of trying to get it to work, changing the trust level, app pool settings, tons of permissions on the file system, I've given up. I have too many other things to work on to continue tracking down an error I've never received before! I've seen plenty of errors in my day, this one wasn't an easy one to figure out. Perhaps I'll come back to it another day, I'm likely just to setup a new VM with Vista on it and get that working, perhaps I'll come back to Windows 7 again in a few months.</p> 

