---
title: "Tracking my Comcast Outages"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2009-10-10T20:04:06
updateDate: 2009-10-10T20:05:53
tags: [ 'Colorado', 'Comcast', 'Internet', 'Parker' ]
excerpt: "Struggling with Comcast Internet issues in Parker, CO? Read about one user's experience with ongoing problems and efforts to resolve them with Comcast support."
url: /2009/tracking-my-comcast-outages  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p><a href="https://www.chrishammond.com/blog/itemid/1835/tracking-my-comcast-outages#comcasterrorlog">click here for a shortcut to the Log below</a> </p>  <p>So for those of you who <a href="https://twitter.com/christoc/" target="_blank">follow me on twitter</a> or Facebook you likely have seen that I’ve been having Comcast Internet issues since we got to Parker. </p>  <p>I’ve unfortunately been relying on twitter to report the issues and try to get things resolved, to Comcast’s credit their ComcastCares staff has been responsive on twitter and sent reps out, but I believe that I’m not getting a good LOG of the issues, as I called Comcast yesterday and the girl pretty much had no clue I’ve been having issues all this time.</p>  <p>I got rather upset and talked to a supervisor yesterday who ended up being very helpful, and someone, not sure if it was her or the ComcastCares staff has run this up the flag pole and now I have two direct contacts at Comcast for support. One of them named Shaun called me last night, and another named Carol called me this morning. Both giving me their numbers to reach when I have an issue (unfortunately both of them work Tues-Sat, so we’ll see how Sunday and Monday work out)</p>  <p>Here’s a brief history of the issues I’ve had with Comcast, and then after this you’ll find a continually updated log of all issues going forward (starting with the outage yesterday morning). </p>  <p>We got setup with Comcast service back in early August, after moving here to Parker Colorado. Initially things were going swell (barring one time on 8/6 that the internet went down), until about a week or so later I tried calling my office back in St. Louis from my home phone, it wouldn’t work. I tried a whole range of numbers there at the office, all the same result, the calls wouldn’t go through, I would get a message about the number being out of service. </p>  <p>This issue took over 30 Days to get resolved, I kid you not. I would get a call from Comcast, they would ask me to test, it would fail, repeat this every couple of days for a month. After a month they finally fixed it, or so I thought, the numbers worked, when I confirmed that they made a change and boom, the numbers then didn’t work again! Yikes, within a week of this they finally got it corrected. All along they claimed it was XO Communications, their long distance provider, causing the problem.</p>  <p>After the phone service was resolved things went smoothly for a few weeks, then on September 29th (wow it feels like I’ve been dealing with this for a month) my internet service went down. I went back to twitter to look at when I started having issues, on 9/29 internet went down for a couple hours, I ended up heading to Panera Bread Co to eat some breakfast and get some work done there. While I was there the internet came back up at the house so I came home, only to find that by the time I reached the house the internet was down again.</p>  <p>It came up and down multiple times over a few hours. Since then I’ve had issues with my internet service going down, sometimes multiple times a day, sometimes every few days. Comcast has come out and tested the lines (everything tested okay). Side note, the technician who came out came at 7:30am on Sunday, but no one even bothered to tell me I had an appointment, much less when, the ComcastCares team on twitter set it up, but never notified me that they had.</p>  <p>A couple of days later I had another technician out who replaced my model with a completely brand new modem, this was Thursday. Friday morning I got up at 4:45am to try to watch the NASA bombing of the moon, it was too cloudy here in Parker to see the moon so I decided to watch it on TV if I could find it. At 5:10am my cable went out, I checked the internet and my phone, and sure enough they were both out as well. This is where I called in (see the third paragraph above).</p> <a name="ComcastErrorLog"></a>  <h2>Log of Comcast Issues since 10/9/2009</h2>  <ul>   <li>10/9/2009 5:10am Internet, Phone, Cable completely drop. Called Comcast and was told there was system maintenance going on in the area. Took 25-30 minutes before everything came back up. </li>    <li>10/10/2009 5:35pm Internet completely dropped, my VOIP office phone lost connection completely due to this. Internet came back up with 60 seconds. Left voicemail with Shaun and Carol </li> </ul>

