---
title: "Why I don&rsquo;t trust Lie Detector Tests"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2009-09-24T18:44:48
updateDate: 2009-09-24T18:46:00
tags: [ 'Employment', 'FOAD', 'Jobs' ]
excerpt: "Discover the surprising story of a failed CIA job application in the late '90s, including daunting polygraph tests and an unexpected FOAD letter."
url: /2009/why-i-donrsquot-trust-lie-detector-tests  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>So I was trying to get some of the paperwork for the house organized today and I started going through my filing cabinet to make some room. I came across a brown envelope with a collection of paperwork from the fall of 1998/spring of 1999.</p>  <p>What kind of paperwork? My application, and FOAD letter for the CIA. While I was at Rolla (UMR, I don’t refer to it as MST, on a totally random tangent, I can’t believe they don’t have have umr.edu anymore to point to <a href="https://www.mst.edu">www.mst.edu</a>) in the fall of 1998, I went to a career fair and had a great conversation with a gentleman from the CIA about getting an internship position with them, I even got a conditional offer from them, pending a whole screening process.</p>  <p>I went out to DC in November for a number of tests, drug test, psych test and polygraph tests. I had the hardest time with the polygraph tests, I kept failing them (two days in a row) for drugs and major crimes. Really? I’m as clean cut as you can get, I have never done any sort of illegal drugs, and I sure as hell haven’t been involved in any major crimes. Ever since those two days of polygraph tests I honestly don’t believe that they are at all trustworthy. </p>  <p>A few short months later I got a letter (FOAD) stating that they were rescinding the conditional offer of employment: “Unfortunately, during the course of your processing, it came to our attention that you appear to lack some of the requirements specified in our original conditional offer”, thanks for being descriptive! Why they didn’t just say what the issue was I guess I will never know.</p>  <p>It’s funny the crap I keep! I half think to myself, I should keep all this paperwork, but why? I really should just shred it, I think I’ll do that now…</p>

