---
title: "DotNetNuke Developer position in Indianapolis Indiana"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2011-06-13T19:39:13
updateDate: 2011-06-13T19:39:13
tags: []
excerpt: "Looking for a Web Developer job in the Midwest? Check out this opportunity with United Benefit Advisors in Indianapolis. Apply at ubajobs.iapplicants.com! #WebDeveloper #DotNetNuke"
url: /2011/dotnetnuke-developer-position-in-indianapolis-indiana  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>If you are in the mid west and looking for a new job, you should check out this position with United Benefit Advisors. They are looking for a developer to work with <a href="https://www.dotnetnuke.com">DotNetNuke</a> on a variety of projects. You can find out more information on their <a href="https://jobview.monster.com/Web-Developer-Job-Indianapolis-IN-99784599.aspx" target="_blank">Monster Listing</a>, or via the <a href="https://www.dotnetnuke.com/Resources/Forums/forumid/118/threadid/420837/scope/posts.aspx" target="_blank">Forum post on DotNetNuke.com</a>.</p>  <p><a href="https://jobview.monster.com/Web-Developer-Job-Indianapolis-IN-99784599.aspx">https://jobview.monster.com/Web-Developer-Job-Indianapolis-IN-99784599.aspx</a></p>  <blockquote>   <h4>About the Job</h4>    <p>Are you an experienced technology professional looking for a full-time, permanent position in an organization that is team-focused and collaborative? United Benefit Advisors, a premier national benefits advisory firm, is hiring a new <strong>Web Developer</strong>. You will be responsible for development, implementation, and maintenance of web applications and websites, as well as production of e-publications and online content. You will assist UBA Members with technical support of proprietary technology tools and e-publications and will work closely with our IT and Marketing staff.       <br />You must be high energy, have a team mentality, and a passion to dive in to get the work done. If you think you have what it takes to provide exceptional service to our 140+ member firms, go to <a href="https://ubajobs.iapplicants.com/">https://ubajobs.iapplicants.com</a>&#160; and apply for the Web Developer position to initiate the process.       <br /><strong>Duties:        <br /></strong>You will design, build and implement new web pages and websites using DotNetNuke; integrate sites with back-end applications; and perform day-to-day administration and production of the organization’s web-based and e-publication portfolio. You will execute web-based development projects, including intranet and internet, and diagnose and troubleshoot problems with existing web applications and websites. You will identify, recommend and prioritize new web features and applications in conjunction with UBA leadership and staff. Assisting marketing staff with production of recurring web–based programs and deliverables, auditing online content and formatting new e-publications will be key responsibilities for you.       <br /><strong>Qualifications:        <br /></strong>We are looking for a self-motivated, independent, bright, articulate professional who is collaborative and can work independently. Adaptability, accuracy, attention to detail and a strong focus on customer service are a must.       <br /><strong>REQUIRED:        <br /></strong>• In-depth knowledge of web technologies and tools including HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery.       <br />• Knowledge of database development, including Microsoft SQL Server 2008.       <br />• Thorough understanding of application development methodologies.       <br />• Comprehensive experience with structuring, developing, and implementing interactive web applications and websites.       <br />• BS in computer science and 3+ years related work experience.       <br /><strong>PREFERRED:        <br /></strong>• A strong understanding of DotNetNuke.       <br />• Experience with computer graphic and multimedia design.       <br />• Experience with search engine optimization and website statistics analysis solutions.       <br />• Knowledge and experience with Open Web Studio.</p></blockquote>


