---
title: "Problems activating domain aliases on Google Apps"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2011-07-19T00:44:28
updateDate: 2011-07-19T00:44:28
tags: [ 'domain', 'DotNetNuke', 'Gmail', 'Google', 'Google Apps' ]
excerpt: "So as most of you know, I have a domain problem, it’s a Godaddy caused addiction really. I don’t consider it a problem, but some of you might.  Anyways, that problem, led me to another problem. I was trying to add a Domain Alias to my Google Apps account, which I use for the email system on the primary websites that I manage. The problem I ran into though was I had a domain name that google was telling me I needed to Activate.   Be sure to read the full blog post!"
url: /2011/problems-activating-domain-aliases-on-google-apps  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>So as most of you know, I have a domain problem, it’s a Godaddy caused addiction really. I don’t consider it a problem, but some of you might.</p>  <p>Anyways, that problem, led me to another problem. I was trying to add a Domain Alias to my Google Apps account, which I use for the email system on the primary websites that I manage. The problem I ran into though was I had a domain name that google was telling me I needed to Activate. </p>  <p>In order to activate the domain alias, I needed to verify the domain. The problem was, I verified the domain, multiple times, using multiple methods, and no matter what I did I still couldn’t activate the domain name. I even went so far as to add another domain alias to my account to see if I could get that one working. Same problem, I could verify it, and it showed up in the history as verified, but if I tried to activate it wouldn’t do anything.</p>  <p>After searching around on the internet for an hour or so I finally stumbled across a <a href="https://www.google.com/support/forum/p/Google+Apps/thread?tid=17fd9d1d0f66582a&amp;hl=en" target="_blank">forum post</a> that helped point me in the right direction. Basically, the problem was due to google’s multiple account login. I was signed in to both my Gmail account, and my Christoc.com email account, and for some reason that hosed things.</p>  <p>I had to go in and sign out of both accounts. Then login again with my Christoc.com account, click on Manage Domain, then I was able to go through the verification process. Voila, everything is working again!</p>  <p>Initially I did searches for all sorts of things. I assumed I was running into a domain alias limitation on Google Apps, meaning you could only have so many domain aliases attached to an account. That wasn’t the case, though I am sure there has to be a limit in there somewhere. I’m using the free Google Apps accounts, not the business account at this point.</p>
