---
title: "Watching NetFlix over a PS3? No you aren&rsquo;t, Playstation Network Status down"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2011-04-25T18:16:09
updateDate: 2011-04-25T18:16:09
tags: [ 'home theater', 'hulu', 'netflix', 'Playstation', 'Playstation Network Status', 'PSN' ]
excerpt: "Discover the ups and downs of streaming services like Netflix and the impact of network outages on your entertainment choices."
url: /2011/watching-netflix-over-a-ps3-no-you-arenrsquot-playstation-network-status-down  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>Natalie and I have had Netflix since October 2009, and in that time we’ve used it to watch a number of Bluray movies. We’ve also used it for the streaming service, but honestly only what I would consider infrequently.</p>  <p>Last week though I realized that Sons of Anarchy Seasons 1 and 2 were available over the streaming service, and since I had been wanting to get into the show I started using it again. At first I was using the Xbox, more so because it was just the first thing I turn on, rather than the PS3.</p>  <p>I decided to go ahead and use the PS3 though, and watched an episode or two there last week. Friday (maybe Thursday?) I went to watch something and I couldn’t. I would fire up Netflix and it would prompt me to sign into the PlayStation Network, but I couldn’t. It would fail, and it wouldn’t tell me why. So after with some farting around I figured out that the PlayStation Network Status was actually DOWN! Huh? That’s odd. </p>  <p>I started reading around on the web though, and low and behold it was down for everyone. No one really seems to know why, except that “something” happened at Sony.</p>  <p>Over the weekend the PS3 at least started giving me a message that the PlayStation Network was down for maintenance, rather than just giving me a random error.</p>  <p>Five days later (from what I read this all started 5 days ago), the Playstation Network is still down. Thankfully I’ve been able to watch my Sons of Anarchy on the Xbox. Because the PSN is down I can’t fire up Hulu Plus either. For someone who was considering ditching Cable TV and trying to get by with Hulu and Netflix, issues like this sure make you start to reconsider that.</p>  <p>As we move in the next month or so, we’ll likely be taking our Comcast Cable Service with us, I would like to think we could drop it, but I just don’t think we can at this point.</p>


