---
title: "How to install Quicktime on Windows 10"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2015-09-20T21:16:07
updateDate: 2015-09-20T21:16:07
tags: [ 'Apple', 'GoPro', 'Microsoft', 'Quicktime', 'Software', 'Windows 10' ]
excerpt: "Having trouble installing Quicktime on Windows 10? Check out this helpful guide to get Quicktime working on Windows 10 and enjoy seamless video playback."
url: /2015/how-to-install-quicktime-on-windows-10  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>Ever since I upgraded to Windows 10 (and then a couple of weeks later, paved the machine straight to Windows 10) I’ve been unable to install Quicktime, from Apple. This is rather annoying due to a couple of software programs I would like to use.</p> <p>I use Lightroom exclusively for managing my photo library, having had a digital camera for 18 years now, I have a couple hundred thousand photos (250,052 right now), and Lightroom provides the best way to manage, manipulate, and upload those photos to Flickr and Facebook. Normally this wouldn’t be a problem, managing photos, and requiring Quicktime, but I also use Lightroom to organize some of my GoPro videos, and LR kept throwing a warning that I need to download Quicktime. Every time I would go download from Apple (version 7.7.8 currently), it would download, and upon installation it would fail, saying that the operating system wasn’t supported.</p> <p>I installed GoPro studio tonight, as I had recently paved the OS so I needed it again to edit a video from my bike ride this weekend. Upon installation I was once again prompted to install Quicktime. I knew this wasn’t going to work as you can’t install Quicktime on Windows 10.</p> <p>Well that all changed tonight. To install Quicktime on Windows 10, try <a href="https://support.apple.com/kb/DL1822?viewlocale=en_US&amp;locale=en_US" target="_blank">downloaded version 7.7.6 from this link</a>. I downloaded v7.7.6, and was able to get videos working fine. Hope this helps you get Quicktime working on Windows 10! </p> <p>One thing of note, as I installed v7.7.6, I unchecked the automatically update Quicktime and Apple software, just in case it tries to update itself to a newer version that won’t work on Windows 10.</p> <p><a href="https://www.huehd.com/faqs/windows-10-install-quicktime/" target="_blank">Credit to HueHD.com for the info to get this going for me</a>.</p>

