---
title: "Denver Pro, Day 0 (Friday)"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2006-07-21T23:32:00
updateDate: 2024-03-11T15:11:30
tags: [ 'Autocross', 'Cars', 'Corvette', 'Corvette Z06', 'Corvettez06', 'CorvetteZ06org', 'SCCA' ]
excerpt: "Discover the adventurous journey to Denver, from a surprising flight experience to getting behind the wheel of a powerful rental car. Excitement awaits!"
url: /2006/denver-pro-day-0-friday  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<P>Well, the trip to Denver wasn't half bad. I flew Frontier Airlines and was surprised to see TVs in all of the head rests! Sure, it was $5 for 24 channels for the flight, but they had a free channel I watched that played some interesting short films.</P> <P>I got to Denver, after one of the bumpiest flights I've ever had, but who cares, I got to watch TV :D</P> <P>Went to Hertz and got my rental car, get this , I picked a ............ FORD......I'm driving a V6 Mustang Vert, automatic to top it off. This thing has NO power. I tried revving it in neutral and it stops at 4k, if you drop it into drive the motor revs down and then shifts. </P> <P>For a short time I was entered in GStock in the Mustang. I got here and all the classes I was hoping would need a 5th driver to make a complete class had filled up before I got there. I was fairly down, figuring I was going to be stuck in the stang for the weekend, which would have been against my Hertz agreement :D</P> <P>Chris K offered up his IS300 in DS if I didn't find another ride. I ended up putting up a sign on the registration trailer with my cell phone number. Thankfully Adam (from <A href="https://www.autocrossforum.com/">www.autocrossforum.com</A>) came up to me and told me about the car he's driving. He told me the car owner was open to having someone run the car in another class, so I spoke to Aaron Boltman.</P> <P>I'm now signed up to run his 2004 Corvette Z06 in ASP tomorrow. I'm looking forward to it, I think there are 8 drivers now entered in ASP, I'm looking forward to see how I fare! Aaron and Adam will be running the car in SS.</P> <P>Thanks to both Aaron and Adam, I look forward to running with you guys tomorrow!</P> posted from <a href="https://SCCAForums.com/blogs/christoc/">https://SCCAForums.com/blogs/christoc/</a>

