---
title: "DotNetNuke 3.3 and 4.3 Released!"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2006-06-13T20:10:00
updateDate: 2008-01-23T16:51:00
tags: []
excerpt: "Discover the latest DotNetNuke® upgrades! Enhanced features include Membership, Profile Management, Secure Folders, Usability, and Performance boosts. Download for free now! #DotNetNuke #Upgrade #Features"
url: /2006/dotnetnuke-33-and-43-released  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<P><A href="https://www.dotnetnuke.com/Default.aspx?tabid=958">Check out the press release here.</A>&nbsp;<A href="https://www.dotnetnuke.com/Default.aspx?tabid=958">https://www.dotnetnuke.com/Default.aspx?tabid=958</A></P> <P>Time for some upgrades! Here's some of the new features!</P> <P>"The following is a handful of the new features and improvements in DotNetNuke® 3.3/4.3:</P> <P><STRONG>Membership, Roles, Profile Providers</STRONG> – Based on a variety of serious limitations in the default Microsoft ASP.NET 2.0 Providers, DotNetNuke® has been enhanced with an evolutionary set of equivalent abstract APIs and concrete implementations which provide greater extensibility, a richer feature set, and simpler administration.</P> <P><STRONG>Extensible Profile Management</STRONG> – Consolidating a wide range of community enhancement requests, the Profile service has been completely overhauled. Run-time extensibility enables site administrators to create and manage profile properties through a highly intuitive user interface. Profile properties are fortified with a broad range of attributes to help facilitate advanced business processes. Profile information is stored in a database format which allows for simple accessibility, searching, and extraction. Developers have the ability to create custom property editor controls as well as profile items which are specific to their modules.</P> <P><STRONG>Secure Folders</STRONG> – Building on the existing document management capabilities, a number of new storage options have been introduced at the folder level. Administrators can now create secure folders which can be locked down by role to prevent unauthorized access. In addition, folders can be designated for database storage if you wish to utilize the database rather than the file system for storage of specific documents.</P> <P><STRONG>Usability</STRONG> – Minor improvements to the content management capabilities have the potential for major productivity gains. Enhancements include AJAX-style “in-line” content editing, custom page templates, an improved interface for copying existing pages, and the ability to use the URL selection control from within the rich text editor.</P> <P><STRONG>Performance </STRONG>– Module settings are now cached to significantly reduce the number of database hits, caching logic was optimized throughout the application to eliminate threading issues, and a variety of modules were enhanced with improved module output caching techniques.</P> <P>Activity on the DotNetNuke® Projects has been strong in recent months and as a result, the out-of-the-box capabilities of the DotNetNuke® application have been significantly improved in this release. New versions of almost every DNN® Module have been packaged with the core framework including&nbsp; substantial revisions to DNN® Documents, DNN® Events, DNN® Feedback, DNN® Forums, DNN® IFrame, DNN® Repository, DNN® Store, DNN® Survey, and DNN® User Defined Table. Modules provide the functionality for advanced web site features; allowing you to directly engage your customers, collaborate on ideas, and allow interaction among visitors.</P> <P><STRONG>Pricing and Availability</STRONG> </P> <P>DotNetNuke® is available for free download. The complete application source code is distributed under an enterprise-friendly open source license ( BSD ); providing the maximum freedom in both non-commercial and commercial environments. More information about DotNetNuke® can be found by visiting <A href="">https://www.dotnetnuke.com</A>. </P> <P>"</P> Posted from <A href="https://weblogs.asp.net/christoc/">weblogs.asp.net/christoc</a>


