---
title: "#Baby365 year of Baby Photos 2011"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2012-01-02T02:27:11
updateDate: 2012-01-02T02:50:00
tags: [ 'Baby365', 'Family', 'jacqueline', 'Photos', 'Toddler365' ]
excerpt: Explore practical tips for successfully undertaking a 365-day photography project, whether it involves capturing daily baby photos, everyday life, or your own self-portraits.
url: /2012/baby365-year-of-baby-photos-2011  # Use the generated URL with year
---
If you are looking for tips at taking 365 photos in a year, check out the list at the end of the article. As many of you know, or should, I planned to do a couple of things in 2011 in terms of blogging and photo taking.     Blog every day     Post a photo of myself taken every day #Flickr365     Post a photo of Jacqueline taken every day #Baby365    Well, I only completed one of those things (#Baby365), but I must admit I am glad about which one I did complete and the ones I didn’t!  Every day in 2011 Natalie or myself took a photo of Jacqueline, and while we didn’t always get them posted to flickr the same day, I think we did get that done on at least 355 of those days. You might think, oh that isn't hard, taking a photo, so what. Well I tel you what, it wasn't easy. Try doing ANYTHING out of the ordinary for 365 straight days, it takes some effort.  #Baby365 Photos  You can see the full collection of the #Baby365 photos in the Flickr Set found here (https://www.flickr.com/photos/chammond/sets/72157625597966645/).  All along I had plans of doing something more with the photos, and while I am not completed with everything, I have two things you can see online now.  #Baby365 Videos  The first is you can see a compilation video of the 365 photos set to music https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6kHmTe2hNMM   Then of course there is the faster cropped version, which I personally prefer. I think it shows an interesting view of Jacqueline growing up over the past year. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFnhpweyzoE   She has grown up a lot over the past year, too fast if you ask myself or Natalie, but that is how parenthood goes.  2012 #Toddler366  Stay tuned for #Toddler365&#160;#Toddler366 here for 2012 (https://www.flickr.com/photos/chammond/sets/72157628676234297/)  Some tips if you are thinking of doing any #Baby365, #Toddler365 or #Anything365.  These are just a few things I can think of off the top of my head that should help you with your project. I will try to update the list if I think of anything else.     Set a reminder on your phone/computer to remind you EVERY day to do something, possibly two reminders     Don't clear the reminder until it is done, there is no snooze here, leave it on     Use a good camera, we have a number of days that were taken with Natalie's phone and they leave a lot to be desired     Be diligent about tagging and uploading photos into a Set on Flickr. If you name them, tag them, etc, it makes them easier to find/organize later     Check out Downloadr from https://janten.com/downloadr/ at the end of the year to download and organize the photos if you want to create a video like I did. You might think you can pull all the photos from your original collection, but that can be a bear depending on how you organize things. Also if you don't have all the photos in your collection (I use Lightroom) but you do have all the photos on Flickr, Downloadr helps immensly.     Try to take a full face photo every time, we didn't for 2011 and I think things could have turned out a lot better if we had tried to do that.     Make sure your camera keeps EXIF data and you have it enabled in Flickr, it makes sorting things a lot easier (sorting your set of photos on flickr, sorting your photos to create a video, etc)  


