---
title: "Day 1 of the Dixie National Tour"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2012-03-05T13:40:20
updateDate: 2014-01-05T11:53:30
tags: [ 'Cars', 'Corvette', 'Corvette Z06', 'Corvettez06', 'CorvetteZ06org' ]
excerpt: "Join our exciting journey at the Dixie National Tour in Georgia, competing in Super Stock with our Corvette. Discover our race day challenges, tactics and results."
url: /2012/day-1-of-the-dixie-national-tour  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>So today was the first day of the Dixie National Tour in Cecil Georgia (south of Adel). Dave and I ran the Corvette in Super Stock, with 18 other competitors. We had a blast.</p> <p>Dave had a blast killing cones, I had a blast trying to drive fast :)</p> <p>Dave went out and promptly killed 5 cones on his first run, though he did manage to clean off the Hoosier stickers from the new tires. I went out on my first run and put down a time that was good enough for 5th or so in SS with a single cone. That quickly changed though, the course when we started was extremely wet when we started and was quickly drying out. Times on the 2nd runs were dropping fast, Dave went out and dropped 5 seconds and&nbsp;2 cones, bringing him to a total of 8 cones in two runs.</p> <p>I went out for my second run and dropped a few seconds myself, keeping my time at least respectable in the class. Third runs were&nbsp;the same, more times dropped, and most people dropped more than I did!&nbsp;After my third run I was sitting in&nbsp;7th, 1 out of trophies. Though as the rest of the class finished I dropped&nbsp; down to 10th in class. Dave is sitting in 14th after the first day.</p> <p><a href="https://www.corvettez06.org/DesktopModules/EngagePublish/itemlink.aspx?itemId=63">Not bad considering the day we had yesterday and the 81 Camaro&nbsp;shocks we put on the front of the Corvette.</a></p> <p>We had the DL1 in the car from <a href="https://www.race-technology.com">www.race-technology.com</a>, Dave showed me how to use the software tonight. Holy cow, this software is awesome, WAYYYYYYYYYYY easier and to use than the G2X I have that I tried using a few years ago. I never could get that software to return data that was useful to me. With the DL1 software we were able to quickly compare our runs and see segment times and compare them.</p> <p>I think this tool will be VERY useful this season, trying to figure out how to make the car and the drivers faster!</p> <p>I'll see if I can't post a blog tomorrow after the event from a gas station on the way home.</p>

