---
title: "Jack Daniel&#39;s Unaged Tennessee Rye"
author: CollectorOfJack.com
publishDate: 2019-07-17T13:52:21
updateDate: 2019-07-17T13:52:21
tags: []
excerpt: "Discover the story behind Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Rye, a unique release featuring a new grain recipe after 100 years. Learn more at collectorofjack.com."
url: /2019/jack-daniel39s-unaged-tennessee-rye  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>December 2012 saw the release of a whiskey with a new grain recipe, the first time in over 100 years. This bottle was the first in what has become 3 releases of their Rye product. Stay tuned for future blog posts about the Rested Rye and Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Rye. Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Rye is Master Distiller Jeff Arnett’s attempt at a new mash bill, this one consisting of 70 percent rye, 18 percent corn and 12 percent malted barley. </p><p>The bottle is the shape of Jack Daniel’s Single Barrel, with minimal labelling. The bottle is embossed with “Jack Daniel Distillery”&nbsp; The front of the label consists of:</p><blockquote><p>“Batch No: 001<br />Distiller’s run<br />MADE IN TENNESSEE<br />UNAGED TENNESSEE RYE</p><p>Aged (X’d out barrel) Years <br />SPIRITS DISTILLED FROM GRAIN</p><p>40% ALC. BY VOL. (80 PROOF)”</p></blockquote><p>The back side of the label consists of:</p><blockquote><p>“Rye has always been part of the Jack Daniel’s Old No. 7 grain bill, but it has never been the lead grain until now. This is my exploration into the intriguing flavor drawn from premier rye. Only a limited number of bottles will be available so that the majority of the new rye can mature in our barrelhouses for a future release. This unaged rye offers a spicy, surprisingly sweet character that I hope you will enjoy.<br /><br />Master Distiller: Jeff Arnett Sept 2012”</p></blockquote><p>Jack Daniel’s Unaged Tennessee Rye was released in December 2012 at the White Rabbit Bottle Shop and limited around the country in select markets. </p><p>Availability as of January 6, 2018 appears to be limited. Online you can find it in New Jersey for $149.99. </p><p><strong>Release</strong>: December 2012<br /><strong>Proof</strong>: 80<br /><strong>Size</strong>: 750ml<br /><strong>Price:</strong> $49.95  <a href="https://collectorofjack.com/JackDanielsUnagedTennesseeRye">Read More at collectorofjack.com</a>

