---
title: "Jack Daniel&#39;s Rested Tennessee Rye"
author: CollectorOfJack.com
publishDate: 2019-07-17T13:52:21
updateDate: 2019-07-17T13:52:21
tags: []
excerpt: "Discover the story behind Jack Daniel’s Rested Tennessee Rye, a limited release with a unique mash bill, lasting oaky notes, and a smooth 80 proof finish."
url: /2019/jack-daniel39s-rested-tennessee-rye  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>Following up the December 2012 release of the Unaged Rye, in April 2014 Jack Daniel’s released their Rested Tennessee Rye. This bottle was the second in what has become 3 releases of their Rye product. Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Rye is Master Distiller Jeff Arnett’s attempt at a new mash bill, this one consisting of 70 percent rye, 18 percent corn and 12 percent malted barley. </p><p>The bottle is the shape of Jack Daniel’s Single Barrel, with minimal labelling. The bottle is embossed with “Jack Daniel Distillery” on the front and Estd &amp; Regd 1866.&nbsp; The front of the label consists of:</p><blockquote><p>“Batch No: 002<br />Distiller’s run<br />MADE IN TENNESSEE<br />RESTED TENNESSEE RYE</p><p>Barrel Aged<br />STRAIGHT RYE WHISKEY</p><p>40% ALC. BY VOL. (80 PROOF)”</p></blockquote><p>The back side of the label consists of:</p><blockquote><p>“This continues my exploration into the intriguing flavor drawn from premium rye grain. As our rye whiskey has rested in the barrelhouse, the spice character from the rye grain remains and the barrels have begun to assert their toasted oak and vanilla notes into the rye whiskey. Though not quite mature, the rested rye whiskey offers a hint of full potential for our Tennessee Rye. We hope you will enjoy this very limited release.<br /><br />Master Distiller: Jeff Arnett Aug 2013”</p></blockquote><p>On the back of the neck, my bottle reads: Unique Bottle No 02204.</p><p>Jack Daniel’s Rested Tennessee Rye was released in April 2014 at the White Rabbit Bottle Shop and limited around the country in select markets. </p><p>Availability as of January 9, 2018 appears to be limited. Online you can find it at Total Wine for $54, assuming they will ship to your state.</p><p><strong>Release</strong>: April 2014<br /><strong>Proof</strong>: 80<br /><strong>Size</strong>: 750ml<br /><strong>Price:</strong> $49.95  <a href="https://collectorofjack.com/JackDanielsRestedTennesseeRye">Read More at collectorofjack.com</a>

