---
title: "Jack Daniel&#39;s Winter Jack"
author: CollectorOfJack.com
publishDate: 2019-07-17T13:52:20
updateDate: 2024-03-11T06:33:30
tags: [ 'Collection', 'ColllectorOfJack', 'Jack Daniels', 'Whiskey' ]
excerpt: "Discover the new label for Jack Daniel’s Winter Jack, a seasonal blend of apple cider liqueur & Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey. Limited release every October. Available online at ThinkLiquor for $22."
url: /2019/jack-daniel39s-winter-jack  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>In the last blog post I covered the <a href="https://collectorofjack.com/WinterJack2013" target="_blank">Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Cider, Winter Jack, released in 2013</a>. Today’s blog covers the same product, but this time with a new label. The front has the same text, Jack Daniel’s Winter Jack, Original Recipe Tennessee Cider. Along with:</p><blockquote><p>A seasonal blend of apple cider liqueur &amp; Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey</p></blockquote><p>This bottle has a very similar label to the bottle released in 2013, but this time around has a lighter colored (more grey than black) snow scene, with more gold accents around the label. The neck of the bottle, unlike the 2013 release, has a red white and gold label.</p><p>The side of the bottle reads slightly different than the 2013 release:</p><blockquote><p>Jack Daniel’s Winter Jack is a seasonal blend made perfect with our apple cider liqueur, Jack Daniel’s Old No.7 Tennessee Whiskey. An original recipe from Jack’s home, Lynchburg Tennessee.</p></blockquote><p>The rear of the bottle reads:</p><blockquote><p>Jack Daniel’s Winter Jack Tennessee Cider </p><p>“Best Served Warm”</p><p>There is something special about every season in Lynchburg. Even the cold of winter has its own charm. We like to spend it gathered with family and friends, sharing a warm Tennessee Cider crafted from an original family recipe. Now, we are proud to share this tradition with you.</p></blockquote><p>The other side of the bottle reads:</p><blockquote><p>Made with original Jack Daniel’s Old No. 7</p><p>Best served warm when it’s cold</p><p>Share with friends and family</p></blockquote><p>Availability: Limited, typically available every October in all 50 states. Found online 12/16/2018 for $22 at ThinkLiquor.</p> <p><strong>Release</strong>: Fall<br /><strong>Proof</strong>: 30<br /><strong>Size</strong>: 750ml</p>  <a href="https://collectorofjack.com/WinterJack">Read More at collectorofjack.com</a>


