---
title: "Jack Daniel’s Winter Jack 2013"
author: CollectorOfJack.com
publishDate: 2018-12-17T04:15:28
updateDate: 2024-03-11T06:33:32
tags: [ 'Collection', 'ColllectorOfJack', 'Jack Daniels', 'Whiskey' ]
excerpt: "Explore the story of Jack Daniel’s Winter Jack, a seasonal blend of apple cider liqueur & Tennessee Whiskey that's best enjoyed warm in winter."
url: /2018/jack-daniels-winter-jack-2013  # Use the generated URL with year
---
Back in 2013, after the success of Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey, the distillery decided to release Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Cider. A seasonal blend of apple cider liqueur &amp; Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey”The bottle is adorned with a skin wrapped in a wintery scene, complete with pine trees, snowflakes, an old snowed in cabin, a reindeer, some people, horses, and even a sled! The neck of the bottle has a black and gold label, while later releases have a different color (check out the next blog post!)The side of the bottle reads:Jack Daniel’s Winter Jack is a seasonal blend made perfect with our apple cider liqueur, Jack Daniel’s Old No.7 Tennessee Whiskey &amp; the taste of holiday spices. It is based on an original recipe from Jack’s home Lynchburg Tennessee. When it’s cold outside and snow is falling our heartwarming Tennessee Cider is enjoyed with friends &amp; family.The rear of the bottle reads:Jack Daniel’s Winter Jack Tennessee Cider “Best Serviced Warm”There is something special about every season in Lynchburg. Even the cold of winter has its own charm. We like to spend it gathered with family and friends, sharing a warm Tennessee Cider crafted from an original family recipe. Now, we are proud to share this tradition with you.The other side of the bottle reads:Made with Original Jack Daniel’s Old No. 7Jack Daniel’s Seasonal Tennessee CiderBest served Warm when it’s coldThe card tied to the bottle has the same message inside as you’ll find on the rear of the bottle, in addition you’ll find two recipes. The first:Tennessee Cider5 oz. Winter JackPour into microwave-safe glass, heat and enjoy!The second:Jack Daniel’s White Cider4 oz. Winter Jack1 oz. Caramel Sauce4 ox. Half &amp; HalfStir ingredients together in a microwave-safe class, heat and enjoy!Release: Fall 2013Proof: 30Size: 750ml Read More at collectorofjack.com
excerpt: "Discover the enchanting tale behind Jack Daniel’s Winter Jack Tennessee Cider. Experience the warmth of this seasonal blend with friends & family!"
url: /2018/jack-daniels-winter-jack-2013  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>Back in 2013, after the success of Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey, the distillery decided to release Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Cider. </p><blockquote><p>A seasonal blend of apple cider liqueur &amp; Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey”</p></blockquote><p>The bottle is adorned with a skin wrapped in a wintery scene, complete with pine trees, snowflakes, an old snowed in cabin, a reindeer, some people, horses, and even a sled! The neck of the bottle has a black and gold label, while later releases have a different color (check out the next blog post!)</p><p><br /></p><p>The side of the bottle reads:</p><blockquote><p>Jack Daniel’s Winter Jack is a seasonal blend made perfect with our apple cider liqueur, Jack Daniel’s Old No.7 Tennessee Whiskey &amp; the taste of holiday spices. It is based on an original recipe from Jack’s home Lynchburg Tennessee. When it’s cold outside and snow is falling our heartwarming Tennessee Cider is enjoyed with friends &amp; family.</p></blockquote><p>The rear of the bottle reads:</p><blockquote><p>Jack Daniel’s Winter Jack Tennessee Cider </p><p>“Best Serviced Warm”</p><p>There is something special about every season in Lynchburg. Even the cold of winter has its own charm. We like to spend it gathered with family and friends, sharing a warm Tennessee Cider crafted from an original family recipe. Now, we are proud to share this tradition with you.</p></blockquote><p>The other side of the bottle reads:</p><blockquote><p>Made with Original Jack Daniel’s Old No. 7</p><p>Jack Daniel’s Seasonal Tennessee Cider</p><p>Best served Warm when it’s cold</p></blockquote><p>The card tied to the bottle has the same message inside as you’ll find on the rear of the bottle, in addition you’ll find two recipes. </p><p>The first:</p><blockquote><p><strong>Tennessee Cider</strong></p><p>5 oz. Winter Jack</p><p>Pour into microwave-safe glass, heat and enjoy!</p></blockquote><p>The second:</p><blockquote><p><strong>Jack Daniel’s White Cider</strong></p><p>4 oz. Winter Jack</p><p>1 oz. Caramel Sauce</p><p>4 ox. Half &amp; Half</p><p>Stir ingredients together in a microwave-safe class, heat and enjoy!</p></blockquote><p><br /></p><p><strong>Release</strong>: Fall 2013<br /><strong>Proof</strong>: 30<br /><strong>Size</strong>: 750ml</p> <a href="https://collectorofjack.com/WinterJack2013">Read More at collectorofjack.com</a>



