---
title: "Using ChatGPT to Improve Productivity in DNN Module Development"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2024-06-30T18:25:03
updateDate: 2024-06-30T22:25:58
image: ~/assets/images/engagepublish_chatgpt.jpg
tags: [ 'AI', 'Development', 'DNN' ]
excerpt: "Learn how to use ChatGPT to enhance your productivity as a software developer, particularly when working with DNN (DotNetNuke) modules. Discover how to implement structured content and schema.org attributes to improve SEO and web indexing. "
url: /2024/using-chatgpt-to-improve-productivity-in-dnn-module-development  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>Working with ChatGPT is a great way to improve your productivity as a software developer, or even someone just wanting to learn software development. I wanted to highlight one of the ways I use ChatGPT when working with source code for DNN (DotNetNuke) modules that I have maintained for the last 20+ years.</p>  <p>Lately I&#39;ve been updating the <a href="https://github.com/chrishammond/engagepublish">Engage Publish</a> module to better render HTML content that can be indexed and used across the web by adding structured content into the Article Display functionality within the module.</p>  <p>Over the past few weeks I added ld+json support within article display, but I also wanted to update the actual HTML content itself to support structured content formatting/schemas.</p>  <p>To do so I initially created a prompt in ChatGPT where I put the entire HTML source of one of the latest articles here on ChrisHammond.com into the prompt and I asked it to create HTML formatting suggestions. I quickly learned that was a mistake as it started to format EVERYTHING on the page, when really I just wanted to format the article content, not the entire page structure.</p>  <blockquote>Can you look at the HTML for this page and make any SEO related update suggestions for the formatting?</blockquote>  <p>I stopped the ChatGPT response, it was taking forever and multiple &quot;click to continues&quot;, and provided this updated prompt:</p>  <blockquote>Just focus on the article&#39;s HTML content itself, not the entire HTML page</blockquote>  <p>That responded with a few HTML related changes that I could implement, but overall wasn&#39;t quite what I wanted, so I provided the following prompt:</p>  <blockquote>Do you have any structured content suggestions for that HTML?</blockquote>  <p>That got me a little closer, but still primarily focused on the structured content for the ld+json support I had already provided in the module (and was already included in the HTML source I provided on the initial prompt), so I provided an additional prompt:</p>  <blockquote>So I have that structured content in the HEAD tag of the page, but what about in the body? Should I do things like schema, itemprop, etc?</blockquote>  <p>That got me the result I was looking for, ChatGPT suggested schema.org attributes to add to the body of the page. Here&#39;s some of the result of that prompt (not the code, but the explanation of what it did):</p>  <ul>  <li>Header Tags:  <ul>   <li><code>h1</code> is marked with <code>itemprop=&quot;headline&quot;</code>.</li>   <li>Author is wrapped in <code>span</code> with <code>itemprop=&quot;author&quot;</code> and nested <code>itemprop=&quot;name&quot;</code>.</li>   <li>Publication and modification dates are marked with <code>time</code> elements using <code>itemprop=&quot;datePublished&quot;</code> and <code>itemprop=&quot;dateModified&quot;</code> respectively.</li>  </ul>  </li>  <li>Article Body:  <ul>   <li>The main content is wrapped in a <code>div</code> with <code>itemprop=&quot;articleBody&quot;</code>.</li>   <li>Inline elements like links can have <code>itemprop=&quot;url&quot;</code>.</li>  </ul>  </li>  <li>Publisher Information:  <ul>   <li>Publisher information is wrapped in a <code>div</code> with <code>itemprop=&quot;publisher&quot;</code> and nested properties for name and logo.</li>  </ul>  </li> </ul>  <p>Adding some of those to the code for the Article Display portion of Engage Publish was easy, but then I ran into something a little more complex. This module is rather old, and some of the way things were implemented are a little archaic versus modern web, for example the Date Created and Last Updated attributes on article display come from <code>asp:literal</code> controls, which aren&#39;t as simple to add attributes to. Rather than trying to replace how those controls worked, I simply provided ChatGPT with another prompt, asking it to do it for me.</p>  <p>Here&#39;s the prompt:</p>  <blockquote>For publish date I currently have this populating:<br /> lblDateCreated.Text = String.Format(Localization.GetString(&quot;DateCreated&quot;, LocalResourceFile), dateCreated.ToLongDateString());<br /> Change that to your suggested TIME format HTML</blockquote>  <p>And the output which did exactly what I needed:</p>  <pre> <code>// Assuming dateCreated is of type DateTime string formattedDateCreated = dateCreated.ToString(&quot;yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ&quot;); lblDateCreated.Text = $&quot;&lt;time itemprop=&quot;datePublished&quot; datetime=&quot;{formattedDateCreated}&quot;&gt;{dateCreated.ToLongDateString()}&lt;/time&gt;&quot;; </code></pre>  <p>I also realized that the Author control was also a literal where I was simply injecting the name</p>  <pre> <code>lblAuthor.Text = article.Author;</code></pre>  <p>So I provided this in a prompt:</p>  <blockquote>My author control is a literal:<br /> lblAuthor.Text = article.Author;<br /> Can you do what I need for that?</blockquote>  <p>Which outputted the following result:</p>  <pre> <code>// Assuming article.Author is a string containing the author&#39;s name lblAuthor.Text = $&quot;&lt;span itemprop=&quot;author&quot; itemscope itemtype=&quot;https://schema.org/Person&quot;&gt;&lt;span itemprop=&quot;name&quot;&gt;{article.Author}&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&quot;; </code></pre>  <p>None of these tasks are overly complex for a software developer, but using ChatGPT makes them extremely simple and allows you to move on to the next task even faster.</p>  <p>How are you using ChatGPT to improve?</p> 
