---
title: "When do you start writing again?"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2024-04-17T16:04:19
updateDate: 2024-04-17T16:04:19
tags: [ 'About Me', 'Chris Hammond', 'Writing' ]
excerpt: "For many years I used this site as an outlet. I blogged about everything. What movies I saw, what races I went to, what events I did, what my political thoughts might have been at the time. Then Twitter came along, and my blogging fell by the way side, not quickly, I still blogged a lot about different things, but I became more sporadic. I created many other websites, for cars, for DotNetNuke, for photography, for whatever. Those sites saw content get generated. "
url: /2024/when-do-you-start-writing-again  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>For many years I used this site as an outlet. I blogged about everything. What movies I saw, what races I went to, what events I did, what my political thoughts might have been at the time. Then Twitter came along, and my blogging fell by the way side, not quickly, I still blogged a lot about different things, but I became more sporadic. I created many other websites, for cars, for DotNetNuke, for photography, for whatever. Those sites saw content get generated.</p>  <p>This site became a way for me to &quot;link&quot; to each of those sites. A sort of aggregation of my content across various platforms.&nbsp;</p>  <p>Ultimately that&#39;s what this site became, just an aggregation. no real content of it&#39;s own, and my search presense has suffered greatly. This site used to generate a lot of traffic from search engines, people looking for DNN tutorials, people looking for 350z information, people looking for video game info, all found this place.</p>  <p>Nowadays that simply it&#39;s the case. My most trafficed site anymore is CollectorOfJack.com, which I love, (I need to get some fresh content on there). This site doesn&#39;t see much traffic, it has had a number of SEO issues that I&#39;ve been working to address.</p>  <p>I&#39;ve shuttered or redirected a number of my various websites, trying to consolidate into a more manageable level of content, things, stuff, etc.</p>  <p>So what&#39;s going to come of ChrisHammond.com? Well, in some ways it will still be an aggregate of other content, but ultimately it&#39;s time to revive. It&#39;s time to generate new content, new tutorials, new writing, new thoughts.&nbsp;</p>  <p>So stay tuned, you&#39;ll see more here over the next few months as I work on my various hobbies and projects, and document them here as best I can.</p>  <p>A few projects in the works:</p>  <p>1) My smart mailbox</p>  <p>2) Various Artificial Intelligence projects and learnings</p>  <p>3) More DotNetNuke tutorials!</p>  <p>4) What else?</p>  <p>See you soon</p>  <p>- Chris Hammond</p>  <p>&nbsp;</p> 
