---
title: "Where have all the DNN Tutorials gone?"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2013-12-23T01:14:19
updateDate: 2013-12-23T01:14:19
tags: [ 'DNN', 'DotNetNuke', 'Tutorials' ]
excerpt: Explore the journey of a DNN Module developer pivoting to a new role at ClubReady, Inc. Learn about his transition and future plans for DNN tutorials.
url: /2013/where-have-all-the-dnn-tutorials-gone  # Use the generated URL with year
---
Earlier in 2013 I started working on a new round of DNN Module Development tutorials. For a few months now I've been promising that I would finish up that series, but at this point I am going to announce that the series is on hiatus.&nbsp; There are a number of reasons for this, the primary of which is that I am simply too busy. My work role at ClubReady, Inc. has changed over the past month, was promoted to the Director of Customer Experience leading a team of 14 other folks, including developers and customer service staff. I left DotNetNuke Corp in February 2013 because I was unhappy with the direction that the company was going, and unhappy with the direction that my career was headed as the "Director of Training" leading a team consisting of only myself after 3 years of being there.&nbsp; At ClubReady I have a great, diverse team, and look forward to spending more of my time working on improving the performance of that team, and my own career skills. For those of you who are waiting on the tutorials, my apologies, but after 11 years of my efforts being spent on the DotNetNuke/DNN project it is time for me to hang that hat up and move on to other things. You can find the SOURCE code for the Task Manager module I was going to do the tutorial on at&nbsp;https://dnntaskmanager.codeplex.com/SourceControl/latest#DNN7 Who knows, sometime in 2014 I might get that tutorial series finished up, but at this point in time I doubt it.&nbsp;
excerpt: "Discover the reasons behind the hiatus of DNN Module Development tutorials and the shift in career focus. Stay tuned for possible updates in 2014."
url: /2013/where-have-all-the-dnn-tutorials-gone  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>Earlier in 2013 I started working on a new round of <a href="https://www.christoc.com/Tutorials/DNN7-TaskManager-Series" target="_blank">DNN Module Development tutorials</a>. For a few months now I've been promising that I would finish up that series, but at this point I am going to announce that the series is on hiatus.&nbsp;</p> <p>There are a number of reasons for this, the primary of which is that I am simply too busy. My work role at ClubReady, Inc. has changed over the past month, was promoted to the Director of Customer Experience leading a team of 14 other folks, including developers and customer service staff.</p> <p>I left DotNetNuke Corp in February 2013 because I was unhappy with the direction that the company was going, and unhappy with the direction that my career was headed as the "Director of Training" leading a team consisting of only myself after 3 years of being there.&nbsp;</p> <p>At ClubReady I have a great, diverse team, and look forward to spending more of my time working on improving the performance of that team, and my own career skills.</p> <p>For those of you who are waiting on the tutorials, my apologies, but after 11 years of my efforts being spent on the DotNetNuke/DNN project it is time for me to hang that hat up and move on to other things. You can find the SOURCE code for the Task Manager module I was going to do the tutorial on at&nbsp;<a href="https://dnntaskmanager.codeplex.com/SourceControl/latest#DNN7">https://dnntaskmanager.codeplex.com/SourceControl/latest#DNN7</a></p> <p><span>Who knows, sometime in 2014 I might get that tutorial series finished up, but at this point in time I doubt it.&nbsp;</span></p>



