---
title: "CircuitCity.com Xbox 360 Sales"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2005-11-21T00:27:00
updateDate: 2008-01-23T16:50:57
tags: [ 'Games', 'Life News', 'SEO', 'Site News', 'Technology', 'Xbox360' ]
excerpt: "Discover the frenzy over the Xbox360 sale at CircuitCity.com as fans rushed to grab the next-gen console. Get details on the sold-out event here!"
url: /2005/circuitcitycom-xbox-360-sales  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<P>Cnet has an article about the Xbox360 sale that CircuitCity.com had on Friday. Let's just say that I know someone who got one after the "three" hour mark. It has a tracking number, and we'll see if it ships tomorrow or not!</P> <P><A href="https://news.com.com/Xbox+360+mania+slams+CircuitCity.com/2100-1043_3-5961443.html">https://news.com.com/Xbox+360+mania+slams+CircuitCity.com/2100-1043_3-5961443.html</A></P> <BLOCKQUOTE dir=ltr style="MARGIN-RIGHT: 0px"> <P>Minutes after Microsoft's next-generation game console went on sale Friday afternoon at CircuitCity.com, the site was hobbled by a deluge of traffic. </P> <P><BR>A representative for the online counterpart to electronics retailer Circuit City said the company's site saw a "tremendous" traffic spike at 2 p.m. ET, when the company began taking Internet orders for the eagerly awaited Xbox. (Specific traffic numbers were not immediately available from Comscore, which tracks Web use.) Microsoft has predicted it will sell 3 million consoles within the first three months following the Xbox 360's release. </P> <P>Other retailers had taken preorders for the Xbox, but Circuit City was the only online store selling the consoles Friday.<BR>&nbsp;<BR>Previous Next "The Web (store) did become slow for the majority of customers," acknowledged Amanda Tate, a Circuit City spokeswoman. She declined to specify how many Xboxes were sold or how many the company made available through its Web site. </P> <P>CircuitCity.com sold out of its available consoles in less than three hours, Tate said. </P> <P>The Xbox goes on sale at brick-and-mortar stores at 12:01 a.m. Tuesday. Those customers who purchased a console from Circuit City's site will have to pay extra for shipping to receive the machine by Tuesday, Tate said. </P> <P>Shoppers will likely be camping out in front of their local electronics stores and long lines are expected. </P></BLOCKQUOTE> <P>&nbsp;</P>

