---
title: "Migrating to Community Server from DotText (.Text)"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2005-09-05T19:52:00
updateDate: 2024-05-29T05:01:38
tags: [ 'Community Server', 'Development', 'SEO', 'Site News', 'Technology' ]
excerpt: "Upgrade your website from .Text and nGallery to CommunityServer smoothly. Learn how to fix old link issues for better SEO and user experience."
url: /2005/migrating-to-community-server-from-dottext-text  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>So I finally converted ChrisHammond.com from .Text and nGallery to the latest released version of CommunityServer. It didn&#39;t go over without a few hitches. The biggest problem I had was that the old links wouldn&#39;t work for the website, so all of the previously indexed pages for the website would be invalid, I&#39;ll document how I upgraded, and what I did to fix the issues in this thread, it&#39;s a work in progress.</p>  <ol>  <li>Setup a blank CS 1.0 database and installation site.</li>  <li>Use the DotText to CommunityServer conversion tool</li>  <li>Create a new Gallery in CommunityServer for the following step.</li>  <li>Use the nGallery to CommunityServer Conversion tool.</li>  <li>Upgraded from CS1.0 to CS1.1</li>  <li>Used the <a href="https://www.qgyen.net/csaddins/singlesite/">siteUrl configuration</a> tool from Ken.  <ol>   <li>I setup single site with a single blog in the /blogs/ URL and multiple galleries.</li>  </ol>  </li>  <li>Modified the siteurl.config file.  <ol>   <li>I had to add the following lines to the siteurl.config file to get the old archive links working properly.</li>  </ol>  </li> </ol>  <p>&nbsp;&lt;url name = &quot;oldweblogIndividualRss&quot; location = &quot;common&quot; path=&quot;rss.aspx&quot; pattern=&quot;rss.aspx&quot; vanity=&quot;/blogs/rss.aspx?App=christoc&quot; /&gt;<br /> &nbsp;&lt;url name = &quot;oldweblogday&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp; location = &quot;common&quot; path=&quot;/archive/{1}/{2}/{3}.aspx&quot; pattern=&quot;archive/(\d{4})/(\d{1,2})/(\d{1,2})\.aspx&quot; vanity=&quot;/blogs/day.aspx?App=christoc&amp;amp;y=$1&amp;amp;m=$2&amp;amp;d=$3&quot; /&gt;<br /> &nbsp;&lt;url name = &quot;oldweblogmonth&quot; location = &quot;common&quot; path=&quot;/archive/{1}/{2}.aspx&quot;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; pattern=&quot;archive/(\d{4})/(\d{1,2})\.aspx&quot; vanity=&quot;/blogs/month.aspx?App=christoc&amp;amp;y=$1&amp;amp;m=$2&amp;amp;d=1&quot; /&gt;<br /> &nbsp;&lt;url name = &quot;oldweblogpostId&quot; location = &quot;common&quot; path=&quot;/archive/{1}/{2}/{3}/{4}.aspx&quot; pattern=&quot;archive/(\d{4})/(\d{1,2})/(\d{1,2})/(\d+)\.aspx&quot; vanity=&quot;/blogs/post.aspx?App=christoc&amp;amp;y=$1&amp;amp;m=$2&amp;amp;d=$3&amp;amp;PostID=$4&quot; /&gt;<br /> &nbsp;&lt;url name = &quot;oldweblogpostcategory&quot; location = &quot;common&quot; path=&quot;/archive/category/{1}.aspx&quot; pattern=&quot;archive/category/(\d+)\.aspx&quot; vanity=&quot;/blogs/postcategory.aspx?App=christoc&amp;amp;CT=BlogPost&amp;amp;CategoryID=$1&quot; /&gt;<br /> &nbsp;&lt;url name = &quot;oldweblogarticlecategory&quot; location = &quot;common&quot; path=&quot;/articles/category/{1}.aspx&quot; pattern=&quot;articles/category/(\d+)\.aspx&quot; vanity=&quot;/blogs/articlecategory.aspx?App=christoc&amp;amp;CT=BlogArticle&amp;amp;CategoryID=$1&quot; /&gt;</p>  <p>&nbsp;</p> 

