---
title: "Twas an audio Christmas!"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2005-12-26T23:05:00
updateDate: 2024-03-11T16:07:41
tags: [ '350Z', 'A6', 'Audi', 'Audi A6', 'Cars', 'Friends', 'HDTV', 'Health', 'Life News', 'Music', 'Project 350Z', 'Project350z', 'Project350zcom', 'Quattro', 'SEO', 'Site News', 'Technology', 'Xbox360' ]
excerpt: "Spoiled each other with Christmas gifts - new car stereo, jewelry, Oakleys, North Face Jacket, Klipsch speakers. A memorable first Christmas for Natalie and me!"
url: /2005/twas-an-audio-christmas  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<P>Christmas was good this year! Natalie and I both spoiled each other rotten!</P> <P>I just installer her new car stereo into the F350. The stock stereo was hurting! It only had AM/FM, no CD or Tape! I got her a nice Sony CD Player for the dash, two new kicker speakers for the front doors, and an XM Roady2 for the must have Satellite radio. There's no Sirius in this household, down with Howard Stern and Sirius Radio! I installed the CD player this evening and made sure everything worked. It's a very clean install, you have to love <A href="https://www.crutchfield.com/">Crutchfield</A> for including everything you could need to install a radio ordered from them. The new CD player went right in the old unit's place courtesy of the Crutchfield mounting hardware.</P> <P>I also picked up some fine jewelery from <A href="https://www.krekelerjewelers.com">Krekeler Jewelers</A> for Natalie's Christmas&nbsp;gifts. Thanks to Jeff for all the help picking a&nbsp;few nice things out!&nbsp;</P> <P>Natalie spoiled me with some new <A href="https://oakley.com/o/o2223d">Oakleys</A>, a cool North Face Jacket, and the Klipsch floor speakers I'd been asking for! The new speakers sound amazing in front of the 50" plasma! I've ordered the Klipsh C-3 center channel speaker from Best Buy using some great gift cards I received. Sometime later this year I'll get the new receiver and 4 surround sound speakers to complete my new and improved home theater setup.</P> <P>My parents sent me money to purchase an aircompressor and some tools for the garage, so I was out looking at Sears today. I did realize however, I'm going to need to take the truck next time I go, as the air compressors won't fit in the 350Z!</P> <P>Thanks to everyone for the great Christmas. Natalie and I spent our first of many Christmas' together, hopefully next year we'll be able to see our parents though, it was my first Xmas away from my family :(</P> <P>More to come in 2006!</P>


