---
title: "Daytona Bike Week 2020 Collectors Bottle"
author: CollectorOfJack.com
publishDate: 2020-04-16T04:53:54
updateDate: 2020-04-20T04:37:07
tags: []
excerpt: "Discover the exclusive Daytona Beach Bike Week 2020 Jack Daniel's bottle from Sunshine State Squires and Collectors Facebook Group. Limited edition with custom sleeve and unique features. Read more at collectorofjack.com."
url: /2020/daytona-bike-week-2020-collectors-bottle  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p>Last fall I discovered that there are Facebook groups dedicated to Jack Daniel's. I started following <a href="https://www.facebook.com/groups/1715814138658931/" target="_blank">The Jack Cave, with Sue Scheel Clark</a>. One a post there one day she mentioned the <a href="https://www.facebook.com/groups/300956420510408/" target="_blank">Sunshine State Squires and Collectors Facebook Group</a> out of Florida, and that they were putting together some special edition bottles, and had previously done a few bottles as well. The first bottle that I learned about is one I hope to write about in the next week or two, as I don't have it yet, but today I received my first bottle from the group.</p>  <p>&nbsp;</p>  <p>This bottle was put together for the 2020 Daytona Beach Bike Week. The bottle is a single barrel selection chosen by the group, and contains a number of very cool things! The first, most noticeable item is the custom sleeve, with a photoshopped picture combining Easy Rider and the ocean.</p>  <p>It also contains a hang tag reading &ldquo;Daytona Beach Bike Week 2020&rdquo;.</p>  <p>It contains a sticker, a coaster, and a custom coin, along with an etched bottle.</p>  <p>The front of the coin reads the same as the logo on the sleeve:</p>  <blockquote> <p>Daytona Beach, Florida</p>  <p>79th Bike Week</p>  <p>World's Largest Motorcycle Event</p>  <p>2020</p> </blockquote>  <p>The etched bottle reads the same as the coaster, and the back of the coin:</p>  <blockquote> <p>Daytona Beach Bike Week</p>  <p>Ride Responsibly</p>  <p>Bottles &amp; Throttles Don't Mix</p>  <p>2020</p> </blockquote>  <p>I ended up ordering two of these bottles, and 3 extra sleeves. As I've gotten into the various Facebook groups I've seen these custom bottles and sleeves that have &ldquo;scenes&rdquo;, and when you have multiple boxes next to each other you can see the full scene, you can see this in the photos below as I have a shot of one of the sleeves fully spread out.</p>  <p>I look forward to partaking in future bottle sales that these groups do!</p>  <p><strong>Bottled: </strong>March 10, 2020<br /> <strong>Barrel Number:</strong> 20-01418<br /> <strong>Rick No.:</strong> L-17<br /> <strong>Release</strong>: March 2020<br /> <strong>Proof</strong>: 94<br /> <strong>Size</strong>: 750ml<br /> <strong>Price:</strong> $75/bottle</p>  <a href="https://collectorofjack.com/DaytonaBikeWeek2020">Read More at collectorofjack.com</a>


