---
title: "DNN 4.X development in Windows Vista, issues with ASP.NET Ajax"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2007-11-24T00:51:00
updateDate: 2008-01-23T16:51:10
tags: [ 'ASPNet AJAX', 'daily tips', 'Development', 'DotNetNuke', 'Vista' ]
excerpt: "Discover how to resolve ASP.NET Ajax issues on a Vista machine at home in this blog post. Learn how upgrading to .Net 3.5 framework can help solve the problem."
url: /2007/dnn-4x-development-in-windows-vista-issues-with-aspnet-ajax  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<P mce_keep="true">While working on the Engage: Publish module's latest round of enhancements I started having problems working with my development machine at home. The machine here is a Vista Ultimate machine that I've blogged about getting configured in the past. The issue I had been stumbling over for a few weeks, though only researched solutions last night, had to do with ASP.NET Ajax. DNN ships with an older version of the System.Web.Extensions DLL. Which appears to work fine on my machine at work (in which I probably also had the AJAX framework installed). At home though on Vista whenever I tried to go to one of my test pages that had Publish installed I would get an error about the Scriptmanager must come before the Updatepanel control.</P> <P mce_keep="true">Well fine and dandy, but I'm positive that we had the codecheck in place for this. It ends up that with Vista I was having problems with that old version of System.web.extensions. The fix was rather easy, I simple downloaded the .Net 3.5 framework and installed it. Now it appears that all is well once again in Vistaland. If you need to download the <A class="" href="https://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyId=333325FD-AE52-4E35-B531-508D977D32A6&amp;displaylang=en" target=_blank mce_href="https://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyId=333325FD-AE52-4E35-B531-508D977D32A6&amp;displaylang=en">3.5 framework get it here from MS</A>.</P> <P mce_keep="true">Now I have to decide, do I install VS2008 on my home machine, or do I spend some money and upgrade my machine (build a new one), then install 2k8 on that..... Decisions decisions.</P> Posted from <A href="https://weblogs.asp.net/christoc/">weblogs.asp.net/christoc</a>

