---
title: "DotNetNuke Gets Supercharged "
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2007-01-30T11:42:00
updateDate: 2024-07-09T16:53:31
tags: [ 'aspnet', 'DotNetNuke' ]
excerpt: "Seattle, WA (PRWeb) January 28, 2007 -- DotNetNuke&reg; Corporation ( https://dotnetnuke.com ) today strengthened its position as the world&#39;s most popular open source web application framework for the Microsoft ASP.NET platform, with the general release of a significantly optimized product offering. Based on mature and robust Microsoft .NET technologies, DotNetNuke&reg; 4.4 adds superior performance and scalability to its distinguished list of application features. "
url: /2007/dotnetnuke-gets-supercharged-  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<p><span class="Normal"><em>Six months of highly-focused performance tuning results in DotNetNuke&reg; version 4.4, an application twice as responsive as its predecessor, and with significant extensibility enhancements.</em><p><strong>Seattle, WA (PRWeb) January 28, 2007</strong> -- DotNetNuke&reg; Corporation ( https://dotnetnuke.com ) today strengthened its position as the world&#39;s most popular open source web application framework for the Microsoft ASP.NET platform, with the general release of a significantly optimized product offering. Based on mature and robust Microsoft .NET technologies, DotNetNuke&reg; 4.4 adds superior performance and scalability to its distinguished list of application features.<br /><br />&quot;Exceptional performance and scalability is a fundamental requirement of any enterprise software platform,&quot; said Shaun Walker, DotNetNuke&reg; Corporation Co-Founder and CEO. &quot;I am very proud of the framework optimizations we were able to achieve in our most recent release cycle. By focusing on the extreme challenges and constraints of a shared hosting environment we were able to deliver superior performance improvements for all stakeholder scenarios. These optimizations would not have been possible without assistance from Microsoft and I am extremely grateful of their ongoing commitment to the DotNetNuke&reg; project and community.&quot;<br /><br />Thousands of organizations worldwide rely on the DotNetNuke&reg; web application framework for delivering their web, intranet, and extranet solutions. Ensuring that the platform provides exceptional performance and scalability in a variety of environments is crucial to customer satisfaction. DotNetNuke&reg; 4.4 is the result of six months of highly focused performance tuning where the application was repeatedly load-tested, analyzed, and refactored to produce a highly optimized and efficient core engine. Preliminary results indicate that the application is twice as responsive and consumes half the memory of previous versions. With a simple upgrade path, the benefits of the latest release are readily available to both existing and new customers. <br /><br />&quot;DotNetNuke&reg; 4.4 has increased base performance while significantly reducing the amount of memory usage each installation consumes,&quot; says Robert Cichon, President of CrystalTech Web Hosting, Inc. &quot;Apart from the benefits we see server-side, this performance increase offers a significant reduction in page load times, which translates to more visitors staying on an end-user&#39;s site.&quot; <br /><br />DotNetNuke&reg; 4.4 also includes some new extensibility enhancements in terms of its modular software architecture, providing a more stream-lined and flexible default installation and tighter integration with the commercial plug-in ecosystem. <br /><br />&quot;We&#39;ve been amazed at the performance increase in DotNetNuke&reg; 4.4,&quot; said Tony Valenti of PowerDNN. &quot;Installations now happen in 10% of the time and the new module installation system greatly reduces application startup time as well.&quot;<br /><br /><strong>Pricing and Availability</strong> <br />DotNetNuke&reg; is available for free download. The complete application source code is distributed under an enterprise-friendly open source license ( BSD ); providing the maximum freedom in both non-commercial and commercial environments. More information about DotNetNuke&reg; can be found by visiting https://www.dotnetnuke.com. <br /><br /><strong>About DotNetNuke&reg;</strong> <br />&quot;Our mission is to create opportunities and spread entrepreneurship to the world by providing a superior open source web application framework which cultivates a passionate developer community as well as a prosperous commercial ecosystem.&quot;<br /><br />DotNetNuke&reg; is an open source web application framework ideal for creating, deploying and managing interactive web, intranet and extranet sites. Based on its liberal open source licensing model, DotNetNuke&reg; has become the Microsoft industry standard framework for constructing enterprise web applications. The mass appeal of the open source model is largely based on the fact that it reduces the total cost of ownership and increases flexibility, factors which are crucial to the success of any organization. The exponential growth of the project ecosystem is a testament to the fact that the application satisfies the broadest set of customer requirements, and has the most innovative and committed management team. For the past 4 years, DotNetNuke&reg;&#39;s capabilities have been aggressively driven by community feedback, strategic partnerships, and market demand. <br /><br />The DotNetNuke&reg; project was founded on pure open source ideals. These principles permeate every aspect of the project and are fundamental to its business philosophy. At its core, DotNetNuke&reg; believes that every organization, company, or individual should have access to high quality, functional software under the most liberal license possible, regardless of their industry focus, geographical location, culture, resources, technical aptitude, or financial capabilities. But the freedom does not stop there. DotNetNuke&reg; believes that its valued members should have the right to optionally choose to support the project, by participating in premium service programs which are focused on their specific needs. The combination of these influences provides the basis for a strong and healthy core foundation, resulting in a vibrant community ecosystem that is ultimately supported &quot;by the people, for the people.&quot;<br /><br />More information about DotNetNuke&reg; is available at https://www.dotnetnuke.com.<br /><br /><strong>About Open Source<br /></strong>The basic idea behind Open Source is very simple: When programmers can read, redistribute, and modify the source code for a piece of software, the software evolves. People improve it, people adapt it, and people fix bugs. And this can happen at a speed that, if one is used to the slow pace of conventional software development, seems astonishing.<br /><br />For more information, press only: <br /><br />Shaun Walker <br />DotNetNuke Corporation <br />(604) 504-0514 <br />https://www.dotnetnuke.com<br /><br />DotNetNuke&reg; and DNN&reg; are registered trademarks of DotNetNuke Corporation. All other registered and unregistered trademarks in this document are the sole property of their respective owners.<br /></p></span></p>  <p><strong>Seattle, WA (PRWeb) January 28, 2007</strong> -- DotNetNuke&reg; Corporation ( https://dotnetnuke.com ) today strengthened its position as the world&#39;s most popular open source web application framework for the Microsoft ASP.NET platform, with the general release of a significantly optimized product offering. Based on mature and robust Microsoft .NET technologies, DotNetNuke&reg; 4.4 adds superior performance and scalability to its distinguished list of application features.<br /> <br /> &quot;Exceptional performance and scalability is a fundamental requirement of any enterprise software platform,&quot; said Shaun Walker, DotNetNuke&reg; Corporation Co-Founder and CEO. &quot;I am very proud of the framework optimizations we were able to achieve in our most recent release cycle. By focusing on the extreme challenges and constraints of a shared hosting environment we were able to deliver superior performance improvements for all stakeholder scenarios. These optimizations would not have been possible without assistance from Microsoft and I am extremely grateful of their ongoing commitment to the DotNetNuke&reg; project and community.&quot;<br /> <br /> Thousands of organizations worldwide rely on the DotNetNuke&reg; web application framework for delivering their web, intranet, and extranet solutions. Ensuring that the platform provides exceptional performance and scalability in a variety of environments is crucial to customer satisfaction. DotNetNuke&reg; 4.4 is the result of six months of highly focused performance tuning where the application was repeatedly load-tested, analyzed, and refactored to produce a highly optimized and efficient core engine. Preliminary results indicate that the application is twice as responsive and consumes half the memory of previous versions. With a simple upgrade path, the benefits of the latest release are readily available to both existing and new customers.<br /> <br /> &quot;DotNetNuke&reg; 4.4 has increased base performance while significantly reducing the amount of memory usage each installation consumes,&quot; says Robert Cichon, President of CrystalTech Web Hosting, Inc. &quot;Apart from the benefits we see server-side, this performance increase offers a significant reduction in page load times, which translates to more visitors staying on an end-user&#39;s site.&quot;<br /> <br /> DotNetNuke&reg; 4.4 also includes some new extensibility enhancements in terms of its modular software architecture, providing a more stream-lined and flexible default installation and tighter integration with the commercial plug-in ecosystem.<br /> <br /> &quot;We&#39;ve been amazed at the performance increase in DotNetNuke&reg; 4.4,&quot; said Tony Valenti of PowerDNN. &quot;Installations now happen in 10% of the time and the new module installation system greatly reduces application startup time as well.&quot;<br /> <br /> <strong>Pricing and Availability</strong><br /> DotNetNuke&reg; is available for free download. The complete application source code is distributed under an enterprise-friendly open source license ( BSD ); providing the maximum freedom in both non-commercial and commercial environments. More information about DotNetNuke&reg; can be found by visiting https://www.dotnetnuke.com.<br /> <br /> <strong>About DotNetNuke&reg;</strong><br /> &quot;Our mission is to create opportunities and spread entrepreneurship to the world by providing a superior open source web application framework which cultivates a passionate developer community as well as a prosperous commercial ecosystem.&quot;<br /> <br /> DotNetNuke&reg; is an open source web application framework ideal for creating, deploying and managing interactive web, intranet and extranet sites. Based on its liberal open source licensing model, DotNetNuke&reg; has become the Microsoft industry standard framework for constructing enterprise web applications. The mass appeal of the open source model is largely based on the fact that it reduces the total cost of ownership and increases flexibility, factors which are crucial to the success of any organization. The exponential growth of the project ecosystem is a testament to the fact that the application satisfies the broadest set of customer requirements, and has the most innovative and committed management team. For the past 4 years, DotNetNuke&reg;&#39;s capabilities have been aggressively driven by community feedback, strategic partnerships, and market demand.<br /> <br /> The DotNetNuke&reg; project was founded on pure open source ideals. These principles permeate every aspect of the project and are fundamental to its business philosophy. At its core, DotNetNuke&reg; believes that every organization, company, or individual should have access to high quality, functional software under the most liberal license possible, regardless of their industry focus, geographical location, culture, resources, technical aptitude, or financial capabilities. But the freedom does not stop there. DotNetNuke&reg; believes that its valued members should have the right to optionally choose to support the project, by participating in premium service programs which are focused on their specific needs. The combination of these influences provides the basis for a strong and healthy core foundation, resulting in a vibrant community ecosystem that is ultimately supported &quot;by the people, for the people.&quot;<br /> <br /> More information about DotNetNuke&reg; is available at https://www.dotnetnuke.com.<br /> <br /> <strong>About Open Source</strong><br /> The basic idea behind Open Source is very simple: When programmers can read, redistribute, and modify the source code for a piece of software, the software evolves. People improve it, people adapt it, and people fix bugs. And this can happen at a speed that, if one is used to the slow pace of conventional software development, seems astonishing.<br /> <br /> For more information, press only:<br /> <br /> Shaun Walker<br /> DotNetNuke Corporation<br /> (604) 504-0514<br /> https://www.dotnetnuke.com<br /> <br /> DotNetNuke&reg; and DNN&reg; are registered trademarks of DotNetNuke Corporation. All other registered and unregistered trademarks in this document are the sole property of their respective owners.</p> 
