---
title: "OpenForce07 Tuesday Afternoon"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2007-11-06T18:02:00
updateDate: 2008-01-23T16:51:10
tags: [ 'DotNetnuke Conference', 'general Software Development', 'OpenForce 07' ]
excerpt: "Discover the exciting opportunities to make money through DotNetNuke with modules, skins, consulting, and more. Dive into the thriving CMS market!"
url: /2007/openforce07-tuesday-afternoon  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<SPAN class=Normal id=dnn_ctr2612_MainView_ViewEntry_lblEntry></SPAN><SPAN class=Normal id=dnn_ctr2612_MainView_ViewEntry_lblEntry> <P>Well it's Tuesday afternoon, nearing 3 O'clock and coming up on the end of the first day of sessions for OpenForce07. I don't think this will be my last post, but I am taking a short break and sitting in the speaker room to type this up.</P> <P>So far things have been moving along really well. After Shaun's Keynote I went to his session entitles "DotNetNuke Business Opportunities". At the presentation he gave an overview of the various ways that an individual or business can make money by utilizing DNN. Here are some of the highlights from the presentation.</P> <P>The CMS market currently is currently around 1.5 Billion Dollars annually and by 2010 will be 2.5 billion.</P> <P>Some of the products that you can use in a DNN business include</P> <UL> <LI>Modules  <LI>Components and Controls  <LI>Skins  <LI>Vertical Market Apps  <LI>Documentation Materials/Books </LI></UL> <P>Service opportunities within the DNN community include</P> <UL> <LI>Consulting  <LI>Custom Module Development  <LI>Skinning  <LI>Hosting  <LI>SaaS - Software as a Service  <LI>Documentation  <LI>Training  <LI>Translation Services </LI></UL> <P>The presentation actually finished up a little early for Shaun so there was nearly 30 minutes of questions and answers, mostly revolving around the DotNetNuke Partner program that will be launching soon, hopefully later this month.</P> <P>Shaun's session was the last before lunch, it's amazing that they can serve this many people food at once, but from what I saw it went pretty flawlessly. After lunch there was time to wander around the exhibition hall, I ended up hanging around the DNN Corp booth and answering questions as the Charles and Vincenc were staffing it and there were plenty of people stopping by to chat!</P> <P>There's one more set of sessions this afternoon, starting around 4:15pm, I think I'm going to take in Cathal's "Creating Secure DotNetNuke Modules"</P> <P>More later!</P></SPAN> Posted from <A href="https://weblogs.asp.net/christoc/">weblogs.asp.net/christoc</a>

