---
title: "When to upgrade your DotNetNuke website!"
author: Chris Hammond
publishDate: 2007-12-26T23:52:00
updateDate: 2008-01-23T16:51:11
tags: [ 'daily tips', 'DotNetNuke' ]
excerpt: "Discover essential steps for a successful DotNetNuke upgrade: backup, test, and confirm. Safeguard your production site by following these expert tips."
url: /2007/when-to-upgrade-your-dotnetnuke-website  # Use the generated URL with year
---
<P>Well, the 4.8.0 release of DotNetNuke came out today, and some people are having some problems, so I figured I'd take the time to put together what I hope will be a short post with my professional opinion of how you should handle DNN upgrades. Here are some questions and thoughts you should have before you upgrade.&nbsp; Does the new release offer you features that you absolutely need? If you answer NO to this question, then step away, go work on something else.</P> <P>If you answered yes then you need to start thinking about how you will upgrade.</P> <P><STRONG>How are you going to upgrade?</STRONG> My advised method would be to do the following. </P> <OL> <LI>backup your site (files)&nbsp;and your database. </LI> <LI>restore these backups in a test environment, with a test URL.&nbsp;</LI> <LI>upgrade the test environment (<A class="" title="Upgrading DotNetNuke" href="https://www.dotnetnuke.com/Community/Blogs/tabid/825/EntryID/1228/Default.aspx" mce_href="https://www.dotnetnuke.com/Community/Blogs/tabid/825/EntryID/1228/Default.aspx">see a previous post I made about upgrade steps</A>)</LI> <LI>TEST TEST TEST, see what works, make sure nothing breaks. Some items that might break during an upgrade include</LI> <OL> <LI>Third Party Modules</LI> <LI>Core DNN Functionality</LI> <LI>Custom Functionality</LI></OL> <LI>If your testing goes well, repeat Step 1 on your Production environment again.</LI> <LI>Upgrade your production site</LI> <LI>If all is well, you are golden, if something goes wrong with the Production upgrade Rollback to the backup you made in step 5 and then analyze what happened before you proceed</LI></OL> <P>What are the most important steps above? #1 #1 #1</P> <P>DNN has frequent releases, as large as the application is major releases do tend to cause problems, that is why there are frequent minor follow up releases. I'm a HUGE DNN Fan/user/developer/core team member so don't think I am knocking DNN in the least bit, but I tell everyone of my clients, NEVER upgrade a production site without testing it out first. I even recommend doing the above steps when you are upgrading or installing a new module, it is far better to be safe than to be sorry.</P> <P>It really amazes me how many people see a new version of DNN available, immediately download it and upgrade a production environment, then complain when something breaks. You have to remember there are an infinite number of ways that DNN can be configured, from custom modules, database installs, to&nbsp;hosting environment peculiarities, many things that the DNN core team and beta testers couldn't possibly test for before a release. That is why you must do some testing yourself before you pull the trigger on any production site changes.</P> Posted from <A href="https://weblogs.asp.net/christoc/">weblogs.asp.net/christoc</a>

